20|Liberl News - Special Edition|利贝尔通讯号外
50|	#71x#123y#916F[Breaking Story] Coup D'etat Thwarted!━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	◆Rescuing Her Majesty, the Queen◆　　　　　　　　　Yesterday at noon, a group com-　　　　　　　　　prised mostly of bracers and　　　　　　　　　members of the Royal Guard　　　　　　　　　stormed Grancel Castle. After　　　　　　　　　rescuing Her Majesty, who had#1S Liberation Group #2S    been placed under house arrestby the Intelligence Division, said group sup-pressed the Special Operations Unit of thatdivision, thereby liberating the royal castle.　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 19#FID commanding officer, Colonel Richard, as wellas other high-ranking officers involved wereplaced under arrest and charged with attemptingto incite a coup d'etat.    In this issue I intend to make a fullaccount of the hidden truth behind this stringof incidents. 	◆Message to the Readers◆    I am sure there are many out there who aredumbfounded by the headings printed in thisissue. Up until now, this magazine has withheld　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 19#Fpublishing information concerning major eventswhich surrounded the occupation of the royalcastle, placement of Her Majesty under housearrest, and other such circumstances ofpertinence in an endeavor to uncover theIntelligence Division's dark conspiracy.    The Liberl News sincerely apologizes for theabrupt coverage, and in addition asks that thereaders understand our decision in this matter.   - (Editor-in-Chief) 　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 19	#71x#65y#907F◆Alan Richard's Plan◆　　　　　　　　The young founder of the Intelli-　　　　　　　　gence Division -- behind his　　　　　　　　humble facade, there lurked a　　　　　　　　calculating schemer enacting a#1S  Alan Richard  #2S  carefully-planned coup d'etat.    Richard's plan all began through the util-ization of the Intelligence Division as apersonal recruitment tool to amass a group ofsenior military officials mired in corruptionand illicit affairs. These actions allowedRichard to hold the heart of the Royal Army　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 19#Fwithin the palm of his hand -- for a time, atleast. General Morgan and other such incorrupt-ible figures of importance, on the other hand,were forcibly bound, imprisoned, or otherwiserestrained from interfering. 	◆Terrorist Incident Resolved◆    In sum, the soldiers in blue uniforms werethe perfect imitative deception with which toframe the Royal Guards. The goal of theincident itself was to secure certain testequipment and abduct Professor Russell, the　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 19leading specialist in orbment research, but thebackground surrounding this event is still underinvestigation by the Bracer Guild. 	◆Royal Princess Held Hostage◆    After gaining control over a large majorityof the army, Richard finally set his coup d'etatplan into motion. Placing Her Majesty's nephew,Duke Dunan von Auslese, on the throne in herstead, Richard assumed control over the royalfamily from the shadows. His plan was to pressHer Majesty to abdicate the throne by taking Her　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 19Highness, Princess Klaudia, hostage, but theRoyal Guard, led by 1st Lieutenant Schwarz,saw right through the machinations. A fiercebattle ensued between the Special OperationsUnit and the Royal Guard over Her Highness, theprincess. However, being outnumbered, the RoyalGuard's stand ended in defeat, and PrincessKlaudia was taken captive.    Following the incident, members of the RoyalGuard were branded as terrorists, and the unitwas driven underground. With nothing standingin Richard's way, the success of his coup d'etat　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 19was only a matter of time. 	◆Unlikely Heroes Make an Appearance◆   Amidst the chaos, an unheralded ray of lightshone down upon the scene. A certain fewindividuals infiltrated the castle and slippedpast the security of the Special OperationsUnit. Moreover, they succeeded in meeting withHer Majesty, the Queen, who was under housearrest at the time.    I have refrained from writing theseindividuals' names in deference to the Bracer　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 19Guild's request, but suffice it to say, theguild itself, which had been in the dark due toregulations sanctioned by the IntelligenceDivision, was for the first time able to graspthe direness of the situation, thanks to infor-mation acquired by these nameless heroes.    After being apprised of the chain of events,the Bracer Guild would become a central forceof opposition to the Intelligence Division. 	◆Liberation of the Queen◆    The Bracer Guild rendezvoused with the　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 19estranged Royal Guard and set about liberatingthe Erbe Royal Villa through a joint operationcarried out under the veil of night, andbeginning with Her Highness Princess Klaudia,succeeded in rescuing the hostages. Thenyesterday, using the tolling noon bell of theGrancel Cathedral as a cue, a rescue teamprimarily made up of bracers and members of theRoyal Guard pressed forward with a plan to stormthe castle in a three-pronged attack from air,land and the underground. As rangers of theRoyal Army under the command of the Intelligence　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 19Division fell upon the liberating group, adeadly battle with the Special Operations Uniterupted within the halls of Grancel Castle, andeven spread to the lower levels. The strugglefinally came to an end with the safe rescue ofHer Majesty, Queen Alicia.    At roughly the same time, a unit of theRoyal Army that had come within sight of thecastle ceased its advance after being persuadedto lay down arms by General Morgan, who hadescaped from captivity and rushed to the RoyalCity. The coup d'etat plan which had been　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 19crafted by Richard and the Intelligence Divisionhad been, without a doubt, thwarted at thenarrow brink of no return. 	◆The Face of This Nameless Paramilitary Unit◆    As is evident from the information presentedin this article, the ambitions of theIntelligence Division were not shattered by thestrength of a lone hero, but by the combinedcourage of a host of unnamed individuals, who inthe end wielded the strength necessary to bringdown the curtains on this intricate scheme.　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 19    It has also been rumored that a number ofcivilians stood shoulder to shoulder with theranks of the Royal Guard and bracers in thisendeavor. During this final struggle, theforces gathered together on the liberators' sidewere, in fact, put in a situation which manywould agree was insufficient in terms ofstrength to combat this foe. However, it was thecourage of these civilians that compensated forthis deficiency.    As a reporter caught up in the mix, I wasalso one of those individuals who found　　　　　　　　　　 13 / 19themselves being borne up by this incredibleenergy. Among those who gave me the strength tocarry on were two junior bracers in particular,to whom I owe a special debt of gratitude; forwithout them, penning these articles would havebeen an impossibility.    As we come to the end of these tumultuousevents, I am once again overcome with feelingsof reverence and thankfulness. The twoindividuals of whom I have spoken arescheduled to be awarded with their long-awaitedstatus by the Bracer Guild at any moment. Please　　　　　　　　　　 14 / 19forgive my use of the following space for apersonal message in consideration of theheroes who saved Liberl Kingdom. My heartiest congratulations to the both ofyou -- and if you're ever in the mood for curry,it's on me. -(N) ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	[Society] Royal Guard Reinstated    The Royal Guard, which had been branded asterrorists and forced underground, has had its　　　　　　　　　　 15 / 19honor restored. The Army Strategic OperationsHeadquarters also decided today that the RoyalGuard will be officially reinstated, and it isexpected that 1st Lieutenant Schwarz and all ofher fellow officers will be returning to theirformer unit. 	[Society] General Morgan Promoted    The coup d'etat plan was carried out by adivision of the military that should have servedas a protective shield to the public. The RoyalArmy itself, unable to forestall this serious　　　　　　　　　　 16 / 19incident despite the threat it posed to thenation, will refocus its prime objective onrestructuring and reorganizing in order toprevent such future tragedies. To head thatmovement, the Royal Assembly has alreadyproposed the leadership be awarded to GeneralMorgan. The Royal Army has shown signs that itwill comply with these demands, and GeneralMorgan is expected to accede to the office ofCommander of Strategic Operations.    In addition, it was announced that formercolonel Cassius Bright, who acted as the　　　　　　　　　　 17 / 19general's right-hand during the Hundred DaysWar, will be making a return, this time as anadjunct to the commander. The former colonelhad, after the war, resigned from his post andtransferred his considerable talents to theBracer Guild. 	[Society] Mystery at the Tetracyclic Towers!    Yesterday afternoon, numerous reports camein from all over the kingdom in witness toa mysterious light. It has been said that abeam of light shone from the tops of the　　　　　　　　　　 18 / 19Tetracyclic Towers. We are presently awaitingan investigation into the matter, as no furtherdetails are known at this time.         　　　　　　　　　　 19 / 19|	#12x#210y#916F【速报】情报部的政变计划破灭！━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	◆成功救出女王陛下◆　昨天正午，由游击士与王国军亲卫队为中心组成的部队成功突入格兰赛尔城。他们成功地解救出了被情报部软禁于其中的艾莉茜雅女王陛下，镇压住了情报部特务部队并解放了王城。情报部司令理查德上校因涉嫌政变　　　　　　　　　未遂，与其下属情报部干部一同被　　　　　　　　　捕。本期号外将滴水不漏地向您报　　　　　　　　　道最近发生的一连串事件中被隐藏　　　　　　　　　至今的幕后真相。	#1S 解放部队突入时 #2S　 　　　　　　　　　　 １／11 　　　　　　　　　　	#32x#224y#907F◆致诸位读者◆　很多读者会对本期的标题感到震惊吧。　本刊为了揭露情报部的重大阴谋，至今为止已经提前出刊对格兰赛尔王城被占据与女王陛下被软禁等重大消息进行了报道。我们为突如其来的报道深表歉意，同时也请求诸位读者理解。（总编按）　	◆企图发动政变　理查德的阴谋◆　　　　　　　　一手创立情报部的年轻改革家——但　　　　　　　在这面具下隐藏着的，却是一张老谋深　　　　　　　算，政变计划准备周全的精明阴谋家的	#1S嫌疑犯理查德#2S　 　嘴脸。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／11 　　　　　　　　　　#F　理查德的计划是，首先利用自己亲自创立的情报部彻底地调查并收集王国军上层的种种贪污渎职与桃色丑闻之类的『把柄』。如此一来理查德便在非常短的时间内掌控了王国军的核心。而对摩尔根将军等清正廉洁的高官，则直接采取监禁等手段强行限制其行动。　　	◆中央工房恐怖活动也是情报部所为◆　作为逮捕王国军亲卫队的决定性证据的中央工房恐怖事件，现在查明同样是由理查德指挥下的情报部特务部队所为。也就是说，身着『蓝色军服』的士兵们不过是为了将罪行转嫁给王国军亲卫队而进行的伪装工作。其　　　　　　　　　　 ３／11 　　　　　　　　　　真正目的在于确保中央工房的某件实验器材以及拉拢世界第一的导力器研究者拉赛尔博士。本事件的具体背景现在正由游击士协会进行调查。　 	◆公主殿下也成为人质◆　理查德在掌握了王国军大部分权力以后，终于开始正式启动其政变计划。让艾莉茜雅女王陛下的外甥杜南公爵阁下代替女王坐上国王宝座，而自己则在幕后操控王室政权———理查德意图以科洛蒂娅公主殿下作为人质要挟女王陛下退位，然而这个阴谋被由尤莉亚中尉率领的王国军亲卫队所察觉。围绕着公主殿下本人，王国军　　　　　　　　　　 ４／11 　　　　　　　　　　亲卫队与情报部特务部队之间展开了激烈的战斗。然而由于寡不敌众，亲卫队最终败北，科洛蒂娅公主殿下也被特务部队劫持。此后，王国军亲卫队被栽上了恐怖袭击的罪名被全国通缉，不得不转入地下活动。最后的一道障碍也已经被扫清，离政变成功应该只是时间的问题了。　	◆出乎预料的英雄登场◆　然而，光明从令人意想不到的地方照射了进来。　有某些人成功地蒙混过特务部队的严密警备，潜入王城之中。并且成功地见到了处于软禁状态的女王陛下。由于游击士协会方面的要求，这里暂时不能对这些人物　　　　　　　　　　 ５／11 　　　　　　　　　　进行详细报道，但正是他们千辛万苦获取的情报，使得由于情报部的信息控制而对这次事件完全没有头绪的游击士协会终于成功地把握住了事态的发展。从此以后，游击士协会便转变为在政变事件中与情报部进行对抗的势力的中心。　	◆解放艾尔贝离宫，救出女王陛下◆　游击士协会与正潜伏于地下的王国军亲卫队尤莉亚中尉等人成功合流。经过深夜的共同作战解放了艾尔贝离宫之后，以科洛蒂娅公主殿下为首的人质的解救行动也获得成功。　然后在昨天以格兰赛尔大圣堂的正午钟声为暗号，由　　　　　　　　　　 ６／11 　　　　　　　　　　游击士与亲卫队为中心组成的救援部队从空中、地上、地下三方面毅然展开格兰赛尔王城突击作战。　就在由情报部操控的王国军镇压部队逼近王城之时，突击部队也在城内及地下与情报部特务部队展开殊死战斗。不久后，游击士终于成功救出艾莉茜雅女王陛下。与此同时，逃脱监禁赶赴王都的摩尔根将军也成功劝止了即将到达王都的王国军镇压部队，让他们停止了前进——理查德与情报部策划的这次政变行动，就这样在千钧一发的紧要关头终于被阻止。　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ７／11 　　　　　　　　　　	◆无名英雄的战斗力　突击部队的真面目◆　从之前的报道中可以看出，这次成功粉碎情报部阴谋依靠的并不是孤胆英雄。无名英雄们的微薄的勇气，积蓄起来一样可以发挥出巨大的力量，足以阻止这场大规模的阴谋。　营救出女王陛下的突击部队成员们就可以强有力地证明这一点。这支部队不仅包含亲卫队成员与游击士，甚至其中还有几名普通市民。事实上在最后一战中，解放部队一方战斗力并不算充足，而补足这个欠缺的正是这些普通市民们的过人勇气。　　　　　　　　　　　　 ８／11 　　　　　　　　　　　就这样，本刊记者也是被这种勇气所激励的人之一。其中，我还必须要对两名准游击士表示特别感谢。如果没有他们，本刊便不可能这样对整起事件进行报道。现在报道写到最后，对他们所抱的感激之情也随之愈发强烈。据游击士协会称，应该很快就会授予他们二人期待已久的资格。接下来的话是记者本人给他们的留言，但看在这些拯救王国于水火之中的英雄们的面子上，还望诸位读者见谅。　　恭喜！　我衷心祝福你们——　想吃咖喱的话我请客，吃多少都没问题。（Ｎ）　　　　　　　　　　　 ９／11 　　　　　　　　　　━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	【社会】亲卫队重拾名誉 部队重新整编　被控为叛乱者与恐怖分子，被迫潜伏于王国各地躲避通缉的王国军亲卫队终于恢复了名誉。军队作战总部今天正式决定对亲卫队进行重新整编，预计尤莉亚中尉及其手下全员均将归队。 	【社会】摩尔根将军出任作战总部部长　作为本应保卫市民安全的存在，军方的一支部队却策划了一场政变——没能对关乎国家存续的重大事件做到防患未然的王国军亟需组织重建。　在王国会议中已经发表了以摩尔根将军为中心重建王　　　　　　　　　　 10／11 　　　　　　　　　　国军的提案。军方也按提案所述制作了方针，摩尔根将军预计将于近期正式出任王国军作战总部部长。另外，作为其副官，曾在『百日战役』中辅佐将军大显身手的卡西乌斯·布莱特原上校也将归队。布莱特原上校在『百日战役』结束后退伍，转而活跃于游击士协会。　 	【社会】『四轮之塔』发生异变！？　昨天下午，王国各地都收到了关于『看到了奇怪的亮光』的报告。据说有类似于光线的东西从『四轮之塔』塔顶发射出来。现在由于仍在等待调查结果，详细情况尚不清楚。　　　　　　　　　　 11／11 　　　　　　　　　　
9707|The Hundred Days War|实录·百日战役
9728|[The Hundred Days War] <Outbreak of War>    In spring, 1192 of the Septian Calendar, asingle cannon-shot shook the Haken Gate,situated in the northern part of the LiberlKingdom. This marked the beginning of aninvasion later known as the Hundred Days War,and the moment in which the raging goldenstallion assailed the noble white falcon.    During this time, the Haken Gate was littlemore than a reinforced medieval rampart. It　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 10easily succumbed to the round fired by one ofthe Empire's Reinford Company-built orbal tanks,leaving a section of the aged barrier fracturedbeyond repair.    And as the Liberl Kingdom's other defensivewalls were hit in succession by a fusillade ofcannonballs, they too fell under the explosiveimpact and were reduced to a mountain of rubble. <Declaration of War>    At about the same time that the firstcannon-shot was fired, a single letter from the　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 10Erebonian embassy located in the Royal City wasdelivered to Queen Alicia. More specifically, itwas a writ containing a declaration of war bythe Erebonian Empire upon the Liberl Kingdom.    In terms of diplomatic wisdom, the proprietyof the declaration was established by beinghandled prior to the preemptive strike, but inthis instance, there was hardly a difference intime between when the two occurred. In short,firing the first shot at the exact moment warwas declared on the Liberl Kingdom made itpossible for the Erebonian Empire to guise their　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 10preemptive strike as one of legitimacy when thefirst bombshell hit. This could be referred toas a new diplomatic war tactic, though oneincapable of being employed without a meticulouslevel of planning used in concert with an orbalcommunication system. <Blitz Tactics>    After the destruction of the Haken Gate, theImperial Army began its invasion of Liberl inearnest. Overall its troop strength was made upof thirteen divisional units. This proved to be　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 10roughly half of the Empire's entire militaryforce, and was such a massive deployment that itexceeded three times that of Liberl's entireRoyal Army.    Within a month after the outbreak of war,the Imperial Army had occupied nearly all of theLiberl territory. Only the Grancel region andLeiston Fortress, situated just off the shore ofValleria Lake, remained in opposition. Sorapidly were these blitz tactics carried outthat even the Calvard Republic, an ally of theLiberl Kingdom and long-time rival of the　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 10Erebonian Empire, never had the opportunity todispatch auxiliary forces to aid its partner.    However, in a following attempt by theImperial Army to take direct control over theZeiss Central Factory and Malga Mine, theyinstead found themselves on the verge of beingforced to surrender to Queen Alicia, whoremained entrenched within the Royal City. <Staging a Counterattack>    Two months following the outbreak of war,the battle situation was altered in a way which　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 10no one could have previously anticipated.    Unbeknownst to the Erebonian army, threepatrol ships were quietly being developed behindthe walls of Leiston Fortress. Upon completion,they were put under the direction of veterancommander, General Morgan, and a large scalecounterattack was launched.    These patrol ships, shielded by armor farsuperior to the tanks of their imperialcounterparts and mounted with a substantialamount of high-performance orbal weaponry, hadalso managed to boost their speed to over 1800　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 10selge per hour. Using these crafts-- an inde-pendent mobile force lauded as the elite ofelite-- Liberl's forces mounted an attack andquickly recaptured the checkpoints connectingthe various regions. And as this strike wasunderway, they simultaneously launched anamphibious attack from Leiston Fortress and,one by one, defeated the remaining isolatedimperial divisions. <The End of Hostilities>    After just three months following the　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 10outbreak of war, the larger part of the ImperialArmy's remaining divisions finally surrendered.However, as capitulation was at hand, there wereindications of a surge of further reinforcementsfrom the imperial homeland-- a move whichgalvanized other continental nations to followsuit and join the Calvard Republic insupporting Liberl. Together they lambasted theEmpire, and a formidable group of allied forcesbegan to materialize.    Amidst all the chaos the Septian Church, incooperation with the Bracer Guild, called for an　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 10armistice, and after approximately one hundreddays from the start of the war the hostilitiescame to an end. In the following year of 1193,in the Erbe Royal Villa on the outskirts of theRoyal City, a peace treaty was signed by boththe Liberl and Erebonian sides. Although noindemnification was made, an official apologywas offered up by the imperial government asthey expressed that they had, '...made agrievous error attributed to a tragic incidentoccurring within (their) borders.' 　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 10|『实录·百日战役』　＜开战＞　七耀历１１９２年春，一枚炮弹撼动了位于利贝尔王国北部边境处的哈肯大门。这就是被后世称为『百日战役』的侵略战争的开端，也是勇猛的黄金军马对白隼展开袭击的一刻。　当时的哈肯大门只有对中世纪修建的城墙进行过些许强化，面对帝国莱恩福尔特社制造的导力战车完全不堪一击，一段城墙被导力炮轻松粉碎。就这样王国的防线遭到如雨点般落下的导力炮弹的洗礼，很快便化为了一片瓦砾。　　　　　　　　　　 １／５ 　　　　　　　　　　＜宣战公告＞　事实上与第一枚炮弹的发射几乎同时，位于王都格兰赛尔的帝国大使馆将一纸文书送到了格兰赛尔王城艾莉茜雅女王陛下御前。这即是埃雷波尼亚帝国向利贝尔王国发出的宣战公告。　根据公认的外交手段，宣战公告的正当性需要建立在『在开始攻击之前发布』的基础之上。然而这次两者之间的时间差微乎其微。就是说同时进行第一枚炮弹的发射与宣战公告的递交，由于在炮弹到达着弹点之前已经宣战，帝国便是利用这一巧妙的手段将开战正当化。这也是必须要利用导力通信进行周密合作才可能完成的一种新型外交战术。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／５ 　　　　　　　　　　＜闪电战＞　将哈肯大门完全粉碎的帝国军，就这样展开了对利贝尔王国领土的侵略。帝国总共投入了将近全国兵力的一半，１３个师的庞大兵力，这是利贝尔全国兵力的近三倍。　开战之后仅仅过了不到一个月，帝国军便已经几乎攻陷了利贝尔全土，只有格兰赛尔地区、瓦雷利亚湖和雷斯顿要塞仍然保持独立。而作为王国的友邦，与帝国常年对立的卡尔瓦德共和国面对帝国这次的闪电战也错失了向王国派遣援军的机会。　随后帝国军接管了蔡斯中央工房与玛鲁加矿山，同时要求身处王都的女王投降。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／５ 　　　　　　　　　　＜反攻作戦＞　战争开始两个月后，战局向谁都意想不到的方向发生了变化。在雷斯顿要塞内部由拉赛尔博士开发完成３艘军用警备飞艇之后，由老将摩尔根将军指挥，王国军开始了大规模的反攻作战。　能够大量搭载性能远超战车的重型装甲与高性能导力兵器，时速１８００赛尔矩而且机动性拔群的警备飞艇——利用这种新式武器，被誉为精锐中的精锐的独立机动部队收复了起着各地间连接作用的各个关口。之后，王国军全军搭载水上飞艇从雷斯顿要塞出动，逐步将各处被孤立的帝国军军团各个击破。　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／５ 　　　　　　　　　　＜终战＞　战争开始三个月后，在各地负隅顽抗的帝国军大多都已投降。虽然帝国本土似乎仍有派遣军队增援的动向，然而此时以卡尔瓦德共和国为中心的塞姆里亚大陆诸国一致对帝国表示谴责，纷纷准备向利贝尔王国派遣援军。再加上七耀教会与游击士协会在其中为停战奔走呼号，终于这场战役在开始后约一百天迎来了终结。　　翌年七耀历１１９３年，利贝尔与埃雷波尼亚两国在格兰赛尔王都郊外的艾尔贝离宫签署了和平条约。虽然其中并未涉及到战争赔款，但帝国政府以『这是由不幸的误会所产生的过错』的方式作出了正式的谢罪声明。　　　　　　　　　　 ５／５ 　　　　　　　　　　
14954|Ruan Economics I|卢安经济史·上
14971|Ruan Economic HistoryVolume 1 － Table of Contents － 1. Ruan Economics Prior to the Orbal Revolution－Urban Transfiguration Due to Developments inNautical Technology －Developments in Industry and the Rise of theWorking Class 　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 32. Abolishment of the Aristocracy and RegionalEconomics－Collapse of the Oligopolistic System <Introduction>    Economic history is a field of scholarshipwhich looks back historically on economicactivity, one of a number of actions carried outby people, and weighs its evolution in relationto the future.    In fact, it would hardly be an overstatementto say that the state of the world following the　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 3Orbal Revolution was led by a series of economicdynamics. Dramatic progress in transittechnology and improved productivity gave riseto a continental-scale flow of goods and people,which in turn resulted in a more explicitstructure of interests making an appearancewithin governments among neighboring nations.    This book aims to trace history sequentiallyfrom prior to the Orbal Revolution, and whilesetting Ruan apart from the rest of LiberlKingdom, proceed to analyze the developments ofregional economics.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 3|　　　　　卢安经济史　－ 上卷 －　　　　　　　　　－ 目录 －　　　序言　经济史及其分析方法　　　１．『导力革命』以前卢安的经济　　　　　航海技术的发展对城市的影响　　　　　商业的发展与第三阶级的抬头　　　２．　贵族制度的废止与地方经济　　　　　垄断体制的崩溃　　　　　　　　　　 １／２＜上卷序言＞　所谓经济史，就是从历史的角度回顾作为人类社会活动之一的经济活动，并考察其发展过程与未来走向的一门学问。　『导力革命』以后的世界说是由经济力学引导发展至今也不为过。运输技术飞跃性的进步与生产力的大幅提高萌生了大陆规模的生产者与生产资料的流动，各国之间的利害关系愈发明确，在我们面前展示出了一幅清晰的构图。　本书将追寻历史的足迹，从『导力革命』前的世界开始，对以利贝尔王国，尤其是卢安地区为中心的地区经济发展进行深入全面的分析。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／２
16232|Ruan Economics II|卢安经济史·中
16250|Ruan Economic HistoryVolume 2 － Table of Contents － Preface: The World After the Orbal Revolution 3. Ruan and the Orbal Revolution－Advent of the Airship and the Maritime Industry 4. The Hundred Days War and the Empire 　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 3－The State of Commodity Distribution Beforeand After the War－Disparity, and the Shifting Empire <Introduction>    The benefits in connection with the OrbalRevolution wrought mighty change in bothproduction and transportation; the foundationalelements of economic activity.    The introduction of orbal technology to themanual industry increased production withoutleading to a consolidation of the workforce and　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 3allowed outdated worker unions to commercializeand thereby erect a framework which supplied themarket with a stable flow of diverse goods.    On the downside, the progress of transittechnology, beginning with the emergence ofairships, internationalized economic competitionin one fell swoop and created a situation whichprompted a fierce utilitarian rivalry amongnations. Economic rivalries such as thesecan be found skulking in the milieu of nearlyall erupting strife in this present age,regardless of boundaries.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 3|　　　　　卢安经济史　－ 中卷 －　　　　　　　　　－ 目录 －　　　序言　『导力革命』后的世界　　　３．　卢安与『导力革命』　　　　　飞艇时代的到来与海运业　　　４．　『百日战役』与帝国　　　　　战争前后的物流状况　　　　　与帝国间距离的变化　　　　　　　　　　 １／２＜中卷序言＞　『导力革命』带来的好处使作为经济活动基础的生产与运输都发生了巨大的变化。　手工业的导力化使得生产力不需劳动力的集约化便可提高，同时还使中世纪型的劳动者组织转向企业化，进而建立起了一种各式产品均可以稳定地输向市场的经济体制。　另一方面，以飞艇为代表的运输技术的进步一举令经济竞争国际化，造成各国之间由于极度追求利益而不可避免地互相对立。　反过来说，当今无论是发生在何地的何种纠纷，必然能够从中找到经济上的对立。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／２
17521|Ruan Economics III|卢安经济史·下
17540|Ruan Economic HistoryVolume 3 － Table of Contents － Preface: The Hundred Days War and Ruan 5. Ruan Economics After the War－The Appearance of New Entrepreneurs－Contrasting Tourism Resource Development Policy 6. Challenges for the New Generation　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 3－Internationalization of Airship Routes and Ruan <Introduction>    Though being in the midst of great advanceswith regards to transit technology following theOrbal Revolution, Ruan's economic epicenterremained as before, centered on the import andexport of goods through its seaport, with theErebonian Empire occupying a significantposition as a strategic partner in trade.    Consequently, at the conclusion of theHundred Days War, cooling relations with the　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 3Empire meant serious repercussions for thisseaport city. This situation forced merchants totread new ground and, as a result, pioneeredenterprise which created domestic demand anddeveloped tourism resources.    At present, though these measures and policieshave finally begun to bear fruit, there stillremain a number of issues which have yet to beresolved.   　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 3|　　　　　卢安经济史　－ 下卷 －　　　　　　　　　－ 目录 －　　　序言　『百日战役』与卢安　　　５．　战后的卢安经济　　　　　新企业家登台　　　　　观光资源开发政策的利与弊　　　６．　面向新时代的课题　　　　　定期船航线的国际化与卢安　　　　　　　　　　 １／２＜下卷序言＞　『导力革命』以后，尽管运输技术突飞猛进，卢安的经济仍然是以其港口的货物进出口为中心，其中埃雷波尼亚帝国作为主要的贸易对象国占据了重要的地位。　　因此在『百日战役』之后王国与帝国关系冷淡，对卢安这个港口城市有着重大的意义。这种事态将卢安的经济界引领上了一条全新的道路，其结果就是旅游资源的开发与对国内需求的进一步挖掘成为了卢安现阶段经济发展的重点。如今这种政策终于开始展现其成果，但同时卢安仍然面临着大量亟待解决的问题。　　　　　　　　　　　 ２／２
