20|Carnelia - Chapter 10|红耀石　第10回
42| The Last Stand     Sister Carnelia made such haste as she aimedfor the path on the opposite side of the sludge-filled channel that I could have sworn she wasactually running on the liquid's surface, basedon my observation of the minuscule spatters herfeet produced. And of course, she passed me byin the blink of an eye, the space growing widerand wider between us as I continued to trudgemy way through the filthy muck.　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 14    Flashes of magic erupted from the darknessby the sluice gate and ripped through the air inrapid succession, but none of them couldovertake the speed at which Sister Carneliamoved. In an unyielding offensive by theshadowed aggressors, the settled feculence inthe depths of the channel was thrown up in theform of a powerful tsunami, and in the instantbefore clearing myself from its destructivepath, I feared that the terrible wall ofsedimented filth would crush me under its weightand bring me to an unsightly end.　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 14    With a mid-air spin to avoid the last of theoncoming magic, Sister Carnelia flew to theopposite side of the channel with incrediblespeed. Hurdling the wall of piled-up sandbagsbehind which the attackers took cover, shewhirled her arms in a ferocious onslaught. Oneby one, like a row of pins being struck by aweighted object, the line of standing Jaegerscrumbled to the ground.    Sister Carnelia's attacks were like awhirlwind of death, blurry with the speed atwhich they struck. They came in advancing at　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 14inconceivable angles, puncturing throats,slashing open arteries, and then they were gone.So it was that when I finally reached thecobbled path beyond the stagnant channel, nota soul was left standing besides Sister Carneliaand myself.    'The cathedral is at the end of a ladderjust beyond this gate,' she indicated as sheflicked dripping blood from her fingers like achild who forgot a handkerchief to dry her wethands. Her eyes shone with the afterglow ofbattle. 'The Jaegers can't be far behind, so we'd　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 14better hurry,' she warned. And as if topunctuate her warning, the damp sound ofnumerous feet kicking up water as they advancedtoward our present location had now becomeclearly audible to my ears.    Stepping over the handful of Jaeger corpseslying scattered about behind the wall ofsandbags, we made our way for the dry-bedchannel which lay ahead of us. I placed my handson the slightly damp stone floor of the emptychannel and crawled through the half-open doorof the sluice gate. A falling water droplet　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 14struck the nape of my neck as I passed throughthe cramped opening, causing me to stop dead inmy tracks. In the moment that followed Irecognized the sound of an orbment overhead onthe verge of discharging a burst of magic.    'Toby!' came the ostensible voice of SisterCarnelia as my vision was instantly flooded witha wave of exceeding brightness. Then, in themidst of this world of blinding light, came thehand of a savior which grabbed me firmly by theshoulder. The powerful feeling of being draggedand the explosion produced by magic rupturing　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 14stone were almost simultaneous.    As the booming roar swept across the wholeof my body, I was thrown backwards toward theground. Despite my clouded vision, I managed tosomersault before landing in the prone position.    Choking on the filthy puddle I had fallenface down in, I lifted my head in time to see acloud of blackened dust being heaved from themouth of the halfway-raised sluice gate door.And as if my worst nightmare had now becomereality, I watched as one after another, theblockading Jaegers emerged from the smoky cloud,　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 14each bearing a glinting blade.    I floundered about on the slippery mud andwatched as their ranks sprang into action andclosed in, their rugged facial features nowvisible to my eyes. Instantly rolling to theside, I unsheathed my hidden blade as Iattempted to deflect a wide-arching slash ofanother with my bag. The cloth of the bag, overwhich the sharp edge ran, split open without asound, and the paper-wrapped orbment fell ontothe cobbled floor.    Frantically, I searched for the orbment at　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 14my side, but I was unable to get a grip on itbecause of my clumsy, panic-stricken state. Oneof the mercenary men, his eyes intent on mythroat, drew back his long sword to end my life.But before he could make his move, a darksilhouette appeared from behind him.    It was Sister Carnelia.    Her hands, moving with such finesse,disarmed the man in an instant, and left onlyhis sword behind before he was launched fromview into the hanging shadows veiling the dankconduit. As the sound of the falling sword　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 14struck the ground with a high-pitched clink,Sister Carnelia dropped to her knees. Her soft,whispered words were full of regret.    'I'm sorry, Toby.'    With her head bowed forward, I watched indisbelief as several streaks of blood began torun down the side of her face.    'It looks like the Goddess may be callingyou home, too,' she said gently.    Once again, Sister Carnelia rose to herfeet, her coat hanging in tatters. Eyeing herouter garment's ragged state, I knew for certain　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 14that it had been caused by the previous blast ofmagic. In order to protect me from harm, SisterCarnelia had willingly used her body as a shieldto absorb the brunt of the force. And now, astain of effervescing crimson blood had begun toseep through the cloth covering her breast.    I swiped up the artifact which had tumbledto the ground from the hole in my severed bagand tore away the wet paper which covered itssurface. Then, with the cold lump of metal inhand, I placed it atop my orbment as I grippedthem both tightly together.　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 14    The sound of footfall from the jaeger corpshad by now subsided. They stood in a clusterwith their swords drawn, effectively blockingany possible escape through the sluice gate.Sister Carnelia let out a shrill cry and I, asif taking the sound to be a command to attack,unleashed the energy pent up within my orbment.    The device roared, and at the instant themagic was discharged, I felt an intense wave ofsearing heat graze over my cheeks as my entirebody was immediately blown backwards by itspowerful force. Stunned, I collapsed onto the　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 14floor.    When I finally forced open my eyes, I couldsee Sister Carnelia standing above me with herback turned to face me. Her right arm had lostall strength to function and hung limply at herside. Dazedly, she slid to her knees and slumpedonto the ground before me.    I pulled Sister Carnelia close to myself andhugging her tightly, blasted the pack ofassailing mercenaries with an instantaneous waveof magic. But then it was all over, my laststand ending as soon as it had begun.　　　　　　　　　　 13 / 14    Countless razor-sharp sword tips stared downat us from all sides. Convinced that I hadfinally reached my life's terminus, I raised myright hand and while placing a false hope in myorbment that it could somehow protect us, Iactivated it, the last of its energy beingconsumed as it was drained to empty. Whirlingaeroblades spun around us as I closed my eyesand accepted my fate. And behind my darkenedeyelids, an endless realm of whiteness began tospread out before me. 　　　　　　　　　　 14 / 14|第10回　发动　　修女朝着对岸飞奔而去，溅起一片黑色的水雾。转瞬间我就被远远落下。　水门那边发出魔法的闪光，接连不断地划过空气，却完全没能命中修女。沉淀在下水道中的各种垃圾污泥全被吹了起来，带着气浪向我席卷而来。她一跃避开了最后的魔法，顺势以惊人的速度跳上了对岸。　　她跳过沙袋工事，展开双臂。排在一起的猎兵们转眼间便笔直地倒在地上。修女的手臂如同风车一般向各个方向甩动，比刀剑可是灵活得多。她的手从超乎想象的　　　　　　　　　　 １／６角度袭来，刺穿喉咙，割断脉搏，绝尘而去。　　因此当我终于爬上石板的时候，除了她以外已经没有站着的人了。『爬上前面的梯子就到圣堂了。』红耀石就像忘带手帕的小孩子一般甩掉手上的鲜血，紧盯着我的眼眸中仍因刚才的战斗而熠熠生辉。『后备队来了。赶快！』　踏水前行的低沉脚步声已经近到清晰可闻。我们迈过猎兵们的尸体，跑向已经干涸的水道。　　我手扶着潮湿的石头，从开了一半的水门下面钻过。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６一滴水落到我的脖子上，我忽然察觉到头上的声响，停下动作。那是使用导力器驱动魔法的声音。　『托比！』眼前充斥着白色的光芒。恍惚中仿佛听到了修女的声音。不知从哪儿伸过来的手抓住了我的肩膀。就在我的身体被向后拖拽出去的时候，魔法正好将石板炸得四分五裂。　　爆炸的轰鸣冲击着全身，我背朝下摔在地上，接着又翻了个跟头趴了下去。我呛着污水抬起头来，看到了一片暴土扬尘之中的水门。宛如恶梦一般，猎兵们从中蜂拥而出，双手所持的利刃寒光逼人。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　　我在污泥上挣扎着，眼看着猎兵们的脸逐渐迫近，而后一跃而起向我扑来。我立刻向旁边翻滚避开了大刀，又用挎包挡下了反手砍来的刀刃。布包被悄无声息地切破，旧纸包滚落到了石板上。我摸索着腰间的导力器，手指尖却只碰到绞缠在一起的锁链。　　一个男性猎兵瞄着我的喉咙举起了长剑。在他身后忽然出现了一个人影，那是修女。她的手臂轻松地舞动，瞬间就把那个男人打飞，只留下一柄长剑。随着长剑落地的尖锐声音，修女也跪了下来。『对不起，托比。』她低垂下头，几道鲜血顺着脸颊流　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６下。『可能你也受到女神的征召了吧。』　她再度站了起来。飘动的外套已经被撕得支离破碎。是刚才的魔法。肯定是为了保护我而受的伤。深红色起泡的鲜血染红了她的胸口。我捡起刚刚滚落到地上的古代遗物，剥开沾湿的包纸，取出了冰冷的金属块，把它和自己的导力器紧紧握在一起。　　猎兵团的脚步声已经消失了。他们仿佛是要封锁住通向水门的道路一般，刀连着刀站成一排。　修女发出了已不成声的呐喊，我驱动了导力器。在吟唱驱动导力器释放魔法的瞬间，脸颊被火烧般的烈刃擦　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６过。转眼间我就被撞飞，向前倒了下去。我抬起头，看到了修女的背影。她的右臂仿佛失去了力量，从肩膀耷拉下来。她的脸稍稍低垂，随后便像滑倒一般，跌倒在我面前。　　我抱住修女，用魔法把趁势袭来的猎兵们全部吹飞。然而，到此为止了。无数的剑尖指向了我们。我的右手紧握着驱动了的导力器，就像要保护身体一般高高举起。刀刃破风而至，我不由得闭上了双眼。　　在一片漆黑之中，雪白无垠的世界延展开来——　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
7682|Carnelia - Finale|红耀石　最終回
7700| A Legacy Never to be Forgotten     I was swallowed by the light only to bespewed moments later onto a patch of hardenedground. The air was filled with the scent ofsun-baked earth. Yet, for being the floor ofsome grandiose, heavenly estate inherited bythose in the afterlife, it felt quite like theflagstones I had grown accustomed to in my pastlife.    Upon feeling around in my immediate　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 13surroundings, my searching hand found soft locksof disheveled hair. It seemed as though SisterCarnelia had come as well as I to meet ourcreator firsthand.    Gradually, as I lay there, I felt somethingwarm swell within the pit of my stomach. Wearyand spent I just let the feeling spread over me.It was at about this time that the sound ofmurmurous voices started to fill the air aroundus. Warm breath tickled across my nose and brow,letting me know that I was being stared atdirectly in the face.　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 13    As my eyes adjusted to the intensity of thelight, I realized that I was looking into theface of a young girl who beamed back at mebrightly with the widest of smiles. However, sheseemed a bit young to hold the esteemed positionof the Goddess.    The knell of a bell overhead rang out loudand clear. Strangely, it had sounded exactlylike the cathedral's distinctive toll. Taking inthis series of events to be rather odd, I pickedmyself up, and at last, awakened from the dreamwhich had temporarily invaded my senses.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 13    There it was, the familiar cityscape, thesounds, and even the scent of the breeze. I knewthe place by heart. It was the public square ofthe Imperial city which unfolded before thegreat cathedral of the Septian Church.    I opened the fingers of my right hand andstared down at the metallic lump in its palm,entrusted to me by Micht. Golden filamentsof light swirled across the surface ofthe artifact. I instantly recalled SisterCarnelia's words. 'It's alive,' she had said.And as I watched the ancient light gradually　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 13fade away before closing my hand around itssurface once more, I believed it.    Supporting each other by wrapping our armsaround one another's shoulders, Sister Carneliaand I hobbled and limped our way toward themagnificent cathedral as the awe-inspiringfigure of the Goddess, Aidios, stood silentlywith unfurled wings, watching over us from thedeep-hued stained-glass window above. And asfor the events which followed, they were allsettled in an orderly fashion. 　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 13    The metallic lump which Sister Carnelia hadso daringly risked her life for was turned overto His Eminence, the cardinal, who presided overthe cathedral. He disappeared with it throughthe thick open door of a sacred vault.    The level of corruption which had spreadlike a plague among members of the Imperialcourt, influential aristocrats and evencommissioned officers in the Imperial Armyastonished even those mediators acting on behalfof the Bracer Guild.    I stayed close by Sister Carnelia as she　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 13was laid out on a pew within the chapel of thecathedral. The real sisters of the churchdelicately pulled off her coat and cut open hervest, now stuck to her body with dried blood.Upon doing so, they found an ornate shirt ofchain mail just beneath the layer of herclothing, which for some strange reason seemedto bewilder them all.    The next day a certain aristocrat, who hadhired the jaeger corps to carry out his selfishbidding, agreed to relinquish the artifacts inhis possession in return for keeping his estate.　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 13Hence, his collection of forbidden antiqueswere brought under the safekeeping of theSeptian Church.    Sworn to secrecy, I made immediatearrangements to take leave for the CalvardRepublic. My destination: a high-class resort,which turned out to be an excellent way torecover physically and mentally, as well asforget about the series of events which hadoccurred over the past few days. Naturally, thebracers assigned to provide my escort were noneother than Clayton and Pavel, who before we　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 13left, guided me without a word to where SisterCarnelia was resting.    I talked with Sister Carnelia, who hadawoken for a short interval, but as I got up toleave she reached out her dainty hand and saidto me, 'Before you go, I want to tell you myreal name. It's Ein. Ein Selnate.' I took herunblemished hand in mine and gripped it firmlyas I expressed my appreciation for what she haddone.    And today, now three years later -- I stoodstaring at her name once again, but this time,　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 13printed on a page of the Imperial Chronicle.    'Ein Selnate.'    Below those printed characters ran the fewlines of an unembellished article.    'Yesterday, a corpse was discovered in anurban area of the capital just before dawn. Thebody was found to be covered with multiple stabwounds. -- The departed, in life, had beeninvolved in charitable work and broughtsalvation to many afflicted souls in variousregions throughout the land.'    As I read the last line, I envisioned the　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 13deceased figure of Sister Carnelia lyingmotionless upon a darkened street. Yet, despitethe blood-stained face I envisioned in my mind,I saw her as she rested in peace, a gentle smilecrossing her face, and vindicated of anytransgressions in life.    As I rolled up the copy of the magazine inhand, I brushed my hand lightly across theshining bracer emblem pinned on my chest. Almosttwo years had passed since I converted to my newline of work, which Sister Carnelia had sograciously recommended to me. And finally, I had　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 13even become used to using my real name.    'Toby,' came the whisper of Sister Carneliaas it resurrected in my ears.    Now only known as Toby, I pressed myforehead up against the cold, clouded window ofthe passenger car, the refulgent eyes of SisterCarnelia shining brightly like a carnelianstone, forever ingrained in my memory. In mymind's eye I watched as her coat sleeves trailedout behind her and she dashed away into thedarkness of my memories.    Opening my eyes, I gazed out through the　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 13window glass. And there, I saw the bleedingrouge-colored illumination of the Imperial City,as it faded away beneath the heavy white fog.  (THE END)      　　　　　　　　　　 13 / 13|最終回　『帝国时报』·Ⅱ　　被一片雪白的世界吞没之后，我又被吐出到坚实的地面上，滚落了下来。　散发着阳光气息的温暖的大地。天国地面的手感就如同石板一样。我用手摸索着周围，摸到了发硬的头发。看来修女和我一起受到『女神宠召』了啊。肚子底下有什么发热的东西涌了上来，我把身体摊成一个大字，好好地休息了一下。　就在此时，周围开始嘈杂起来。似乎有谁在紧盯着我的脸。在适应了周围的光线之后，我终于认出这是一张少女的脸庞。这个莞然而笑的女孩作为女神来说，实在　　　　　　　　　　 １／６是太年轻了。　这时，头顶上传来了钟声，听起来就好像是圣堂的时钟一样。真不可思议，我一边这么想一边坐起身子，这才终于从梦境中醒转过来。　我就像鸽子一般惊慌地环顾着四周，围观人群的视线都集中在我身上。司空见惯的街道、声音、还有风的气息。不会错。这里就是帝都圣堂前的广场。　　我张开右手，看到了密希特交付给我的金属块。金色的光芒如丝线般在『古代遗物』的表面卷起漩涡。我想起修女曾经说过『它活着』的话，又重新紧握住这逐渐消逝的来自古代的光辉。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　　在圣堂彩色玻璃上展开双翼的空之女神默默地注视之下，我们搭着肩向圣堂走去。　　之后的事情都被处理得有条不紊。　修女用鲜血守护住的金属块被移交给了在圣堂等候已久的红衣主教阁下，消失在厚重的大门之后。与皇室相关又有权有势的贵族们与帝国军的将校之间则继续展开没完没了的勾心斗角，游击士协会的调停工作也难以开展。　我陪在红耀石修女身边。她横躺在教会里的长椅上，真正的修女们脱下她的外套，割开被血粘住的上衣。然　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６而下面露出的链甲衫着实让她们困惑了一阵。　　　翌日，雇佣『猎兵团』的某贵族经过交涉终于同意以庄园作为抵押，『古代遗物』也终于纳入教会的管理之下。而我被迫严守一切有关纸包的秘密，很快又踏上了前往共和国的旅途。目的地是一处著名的高级疗养地，养生祛病的好去处。而跟随我左右担任保镖的游击士正是那两个人——帕贝尔和克雷。在临出发前，他们两个一言不发地把我带到了修女的面前。　　我和已经醒来的修女稍稍谈了几句。在临行之前，她　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６向我伸出手来。『爱因。我叫做爱因。』我紧紧地握住了她那苍白却又无瑕的手。　　自那以后过了三年——　我在『帝国时报』上再次看到了她的名字。『爱因·瑟尔纳特』——在这行名字下面只有几句极其简朴的报导，这样写道：『昨日凌晨，帝都街道上发现不明死因的尸体。　尸体上有多处外伤——此人生前曾参加七耀教会　的慈善活动，拯救了各地的众多生命。』　就在我读到最后一行时，脑中浮现出了修女横躺在路　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６上的身影。被鲜血染红的睡脸上，呈现出了无比安详的笑容。　我把杂志揉成一团，轻轻地抚摸着胸前闪闪发光的游击士徽章。从我转向修女所推荐的这一行以来，已经快有两年了。我也终于习惯于使用自己的真名了。　『托比。』耳边再次回响起修女的轻声细语。已经不再是托比的我把头靠在冰冷起雾的车窗上。我记忆中的修女，眼眸闪着红耀石般的光辉，衣裾飘扬，飞驰在黑暗之中。我睁开双眼，向车窗外眺望。帝都的灯火染上了红色，逐渐消逝在白茫茫的雾色彼方。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　〈完〉　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
14275|Liberl News - Issue 1|利贝尔通讯　第１号
14297|	#72x#210y#920F[Special] Rebuilding the Army#16C━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━#9C◆Two Months Since The Coup D'etat◆#16C    It's been two months since the stunning fallof the Royal Army's once promising IntelligenceDivision and their failed coup d'etat.Currently, in response to their failure to　　　　　　　　　prevent the rebellion by one of their　　　　　　　　　own divisions, the army is undergoing a　　　　　　　　　major reconstruction of their internal　　　　　　　　　organization.#9C#1SRA Headquarters#16C#2S    To find how they intend to　　　　　　　　　　 1 / 5#Fregain the trust of the public, we got a behindthe scenes look at their reconstruction efforts.#9C◆Reconstruction Challenges◆#16C    Under the command of General Morgan thereformation of all Royal Army units has beenproceeding swiftly. However, even our decoratedgeneral acknowledges that rebuilding the chainof command will take some time.    The cause, we're told from an Army source,is that the I.D. unit's reach had permeated alllevels of command, and removing that influencehas proved to be quite the task. 　　　　　　　　　　 2 / 5#9C◆The Road to Rebuilding the Royal Army◆#16C    The Royal Army is determined to continuereforming whatever difficulties may arise. Onesuch issue they face is lack of transparency.For national defense reasons, the organizationof the military has been heavily guarded, butit was this very policy that allowed the I.D.unit to get as far as they did. One effort toblow fresh air into the rigid Army structureis the recent cooperation with the BracerGuild. How much further the Royal Army can openup and still maintain the secrecy needed for　　　　　　　　　　 3 / 5security, though, is probably the biggesthurdle facing the rebuilding of the army.#99x#101y#921F#9C[Foreign Affairs] The Queen's Peace Proposal!#16C　　　　　　　According to reports from the Foreign　　　　　　　Affairs section, the Erebonian Empire,　　　　　　　Calvard Republic, and Liberl Kingdomhave all agreed to enter into a treaty of non-aggression. Preparations are already underwayto host the signing of the pact following theRoyal Parliament's approval of the termsproposed by Queen Alicia. Will this pact be theguiding light to peace between nations?　　　　　　　　　　 4 / 5#F#9C◆General Morgan to Resign?◆#16C    A change at the top of the army ranks seemsin the air as Chief of Staff General Morganindicated in a recent meeting that he wouldyield the reconstruction of the army to someoneelse. Signs also suggested that he will resignfrom the top post entirely once the armyreorganization is complete. Eyes are on CassiusBright, the general's right hand man, to takeup the reins. We will be keeping close tabs onany further developments. 　　　　　　　　　　 5 / 5|	#12x#210y#920F【特集】王国军重组追踪报道━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	◆政变事件之后两个月◆　作为刚刚新规编成不久的部队，王国军情报部在大显身手之后也曾被人们赋予更高的期待。距离他们发动政变未遂这一事件以来，一转眼已经过去了两个月的时间——　　　　　　　　　　王国军没有能够阻止这次由颇具　　　　　　　　　实力的部队所发动的叛乱于未然，　　　　　　　　　他们现在也正以事件的反省为基础　　　　　　　　　全力进行着彻底的组织改革。 	#1S本部雷斯顿要塞 #2S　　 　　究竟他们将如何才能取回市民的　　　　　　　　　　 １／５ 　　　　　　　　　　#F信赖，让我们走近王国军重组背后艰苦的每一天。 　	◆重组进行　问题拦路◆　在作战总部部长摩尔根将军的指挥之下，王国军各部队正以惊人的速度进行着重组。然而，即使是身经百战的沙场老将，想要重整此次改革的中心部分——指挥系统也需要花上不少时间。其原因在于『各个指挥节点与情报部的关系都出乎人们意料地根深蒂固』（军方相关人员），可以说想要完全排除情报部的影响是相当困难的工作。这也正是说明原精锐部队的渗透工作做得多么周到而缜密的证据之一吧。　　　　　　　　　　　 ２／５	◆王国军重建之路◆ 　王国军今后仍将继续重组之路，而其中还有很多的问题等待着他们去解决。由隐秘性极高的部队策划发动的政变计划——这次事件所提出的问题十分深刻。既然军队是以国防为使命，那么涉密也是必然，但这在政变事件中却成为了阴谋的伪装。　军队内部现在也展开了行动，譬如积极地提出与游击士协会展开合作等等，希望能够在僵化的组织中打开缺口。在继续保持执行任务时的机密性的同时，究竟要如何建立一个尽量透明的组织呢——王国军迈向重建的旅途，现在才刚刚开始。　　　　　　　　　　　 ３／５	#38x#84y#921F━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━【外交】女王陛下提倡！　三国互不侵犯条约　　　　　　　　根据外交部发布的消息，埃雷波尼亚　　　　　　　帝国、卡尔瓦德共和国、以及利贝尔王　　　　　　　国之间已经就不战条约（互不侵犯条约	#1S 艾莉茜雅女王陛下#2S ）达成协议。现在相关机构似乎已经着手进行签约仪式的具体协调工作了。　本条约的构想是由艾莉茜雅女王陛下本人所提出，因此在经过王国议会的承认之后，外交部便开展交涉活动至今。 　——『百日战役』结束已有１０年，希望本条约能够为三国间的关系带来曙光。 　　　　　　　　　　 ４／５	#F◆作战总部部长　暗示即将退任？◆　王国军的高层有可能会在近日进行更替。现任作战总部部长的摩尔根将军在日前的例行招待会上言明要为优秀的后辈们让路。他示意会在王国军重组告一段落之时退任。被认为是接任的热门人选的是现在将军的助手，表现活跃的卡西乌斯·布莱特上校。王国军会不会产生一名年轻有为的领导者呢——敬请关注本事件今后的动向。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／５
17155|Liberl News - Issue 2|利贝尔通讯　第２号
17177|	#84x#205y#922F#9C[Special]  Ruan Mayoral Election Special#16C━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━#9C◆Two Candidates - Two Platforms◆#16C    With the arrest of former mayor Dalmore, anew mayoral election has come to Ruan. Initiallydelayed due to the coup d'etat, it has now beenofficially announced. The two nominees are: the　　　　　　　　　industrialist Norman and harbor master　　　　　　　　　Portos. Both candidates have solid　　　　　　　　　support bases and distinct platforms.　　　　　　　　　Which will Ruan's citizens entrust with#9C#1SElection Fever#16C#2S    their future? Stay tuned!　　　　　　　　　　 1 / 6#F#9C[Promoting Tourism - Candidate Norman]#16C    Owner of the Hotel Blanche and staunchproponent of the tourism industry. The core ofhis campaign is to 'invigorate tourism.' Hebelieves that tertiary businesses are the futureof Ruan, and he has many supporters who agree.#9C[Promoting the Harbor - Candidate Portos]#16C    Caretaker of the harbor block and passionatecampaigner for the maintenance of the portfacilities. His platform centers around thereinvigoration of the harbor industry. Hasthe support of the harbor laborers and sailors.　　　　　　　　　　 2 / 6#9C◆Voter Opinion and Election Direction◆#16C    Currently, public opinion is split. Thenorth city blocks that run on tourism favorcandidate Norman, and the harbor block supportsPortos. With such clearly-defined positions,this election is shaping up to be very divisive.    As both camps possess solid blocks ofsupport, it will be a battle of who can cut thedeepest into their opponent's voter base. Thisscenario seems to favor Candidate Norman, butthere's plenty of time for a turnabout, and it'ssure to be a fierce battle to the end.　　　　　　　　　　 3 / 6━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━#9C[Society] The Increasing Threat of Monsters#16C    According to reports from the Royal Army,monsters across Liberl have been increasinglyferocious, and previously unseen species areroaming the kingdom. The cause of these changesis currently unknown, but theories range fromseptium vein fluctuations to planetary alignmentand even solar abnormalities. The Royal Army isinvestigating, but caution is advised whentraveling between regions. 　　　　　　　　　　 4 / 6#9C[Society] New Chief of Staff Selected!#16C    The new commander of the Royal Army has beenannounced as Cassius Bright. Promoted to general,Cassius Bright (formerly Colonel Bright) will bereplacing General Morgan as chief of staff. Hopesare high for the reconstruction and future of themilitary under the guidance of this new leader.#9C[Foreign Affairs] Pact to be Signed in Liberl#16C    The signing ceremony of the non-aggressionpact will take place in the Liberl Kingdom. Acentral location was considered initially, butdeclined for safety reasons.　　　　　　　　　　 5 / 6#9C#71x#74y#923F[Technology] New Model Tactical Orbments#16C　　　　　　　　　The wave of change has not only come to　　　　　　　　　the Royal Army but to orbments as　　　　　　　　　well. The new model tactical orbments　　　　　　　　　(as shown) were developed by the Epstein　　　　　　　　　Foundation and are spreading quickly.    Improvements include the addition of a newslot, and while incompatible with standardquartz, it has been receiving praise frombracers and others for the new, powerful arts itenables. Factories across the nation are alreadygeared up and eager to support the new model.　　　　　　　　　　 6 / 6|	#12x#210y#922F【特集】迫近！　卢安市长大选━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	◆市长候补２名　窥视卢安今后课题◆　由于前市长戴尔蒙被捕而预定进行的卢安市长选举。又因政变事件的影响而被推后，日前终于公布了选举日程。 　准备参加竞选的包括实业家诺曼和港湾的负责人波尔　　　　　　　　　多斯（按申报顺序）。拥有明确支　　　　　　　　　持阵营的两名候选者将一对一地展　　　　　　　　　开激烈竞争。究竟卢安市民会将城　　　　　　　　　市的未来托付给谁呢——本刊向您	#1S早已掀起选举热潮的城市#2S  报道白热化的选举战况。　　　　　　　　　　 １／６	#F【旅游事业推进派　诺曼候选人】　作为休闲饭店『布朗西酒店』的老板，从很早以前诺曼就已经开始尽力发展旅游业。当然这次选举的纲领也侧重于『旅游的活性化』。『第三产业将是今后卢安经济的中流砥柱』这一主张也为他赢得了不少支持者。　　	【港湾事业维持派　波尔多斯候选人】　当今港口地区的现场主任波尔多斯候选人，从戴尔蒙时期起就一直在倡导港口设施的维持管理。这次选举的纲领是『港湾事业的维持』。其主张的重建地域经济基础的意见博得了以港湾区劳动者为主的广大支持。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６	◆选民们的意见◆　目前选民意见基本分为两派，旅游业发达的北街区诺曼候选人占有优势，而在港湾区情势则对波尔多斯候选人有利，竞选形成了完全对立的局面。　　	◆大选的去向究竟如何？◆　由于双方阵营均拥有坚实的民众基础，因此今后如何能够削弱对方阵营便成为了选战的关键。现在有看法认为诺曼候选人比较有利，然而从形势来看也很可能会发生逆转。双方到底能够拉拢到多少反对派呢——两位候选人激烈的争夺将会一直持续到投票前日。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６	━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━【社会】魔兽威胁　持续增大　根据王国军的报告，最近利贝尔各地出现的魔兽均有凶暴化倾向，而且能够确认的是出现了若干新种。虽然其直接原因尚不明了，然而沉眠于地下的七耀脉的周期性的活性化、行星排成一线的影响以及太阳的异常活动等等，将原因归结为各种各样的神秘自然现象的假说层出不穷，但所有这些假说都缺乏决定性的证据。　王国军也将继续追查发生此现象的原因，但估计不太可能完美解决。也请诸位读者在通行街道时务必多加小心。　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６	【社会】卡西乌斯准将就任作战总部部长　王国军中诞生了新一任的领导者。人事部发表的消息称卡西乌斯·布莱特准将（同日由上校晋升准将）接替摩尔根将军就任王国军作战总部部长。新体制究竟会给王国军带来怎样的变化，所有人都期待着卡西乌斯准将的表现。　	【外交】互不侵犯条约签约仪式将于利贝尔进行　现在已经确定互不侵犯条约的签约仪式将在利贝尔王国国内举行。三国也曾探讨过于中立地点进行签约仪式的可能性，然而由于保安上的理由不得不放弃。鉴于帝国与共和国之间的不和，这个决定也可说是妥当的。　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６	#12x#72y#923F【技术】各所配备的动向　新型战术导力器　　　　　　　　　　不仅仅是王国军，导力器也迎来　　　　　　　　　了世代交替的潮流。爱普斯泰恩财　　　　　　　　　团开发的新型战术导力器（照片）　　　　　　　　　现在展现出了急速普及的趋势。　　　　　　　　　　新增的１个结晶孔使得可安装的结晶回路数达到了７个，虽然不兼容以前的结晶回路，但由于可以使用强力的新型魔法，它在游击士之间得到了相当高的评价。各地的工房也都已经准备了对应新规格的器材。看来就要这样一口气完成整个新旧交替了。　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
20757|Liberl News - Issue 3|利贝尔通讯　第３号
20779|	#9C#71x#114y#925F[Special] Ruan Election - Clash of Candidates#16C━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━#9C◆Conflict Between Camps Boils Over◆#16C　　　　　　　　　With election day drawing closer, the　　　　　　　　　race in Ruan is only getting hotter,　　　　　　　　　and tensions finally boiled over into a　　　　　　　　　near-brawl between supporters.#9C#1SAngry Mob#2S#16C    Thankfully, the conflict, rumoredto stem from an argument between camps, didn'tcome to physical blows. Debates are one thing,but we urge the candidates and their supportersto respect one another and reflect on this.　　　　　　　　　　 1 / 4#F#9C◆Candidates Need to Compromise◆#16C    Behind the incident lies a deepeningopposition between supporters. Some level ofantagonism is, unfortunately, to be expectedgiven the passionate platforms, but brawling isunworthy of any future leader. Reflection andcompromise is the mature answer.#9C◆Saved by the Lute?◆#16C    A mob of angry supporters on the edge ofviolence...calmed by the sound of a lute? Itseems a certain musician was playing nearby.Perhaps music does soothe the savage beast.　　　　　　　　　　 2 / 4━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━#71x#86y#924F#9C[Society] Ghosts in Ruan?#16C　　　　　　　　　'I saw a white shadow that danced in　　　　　　　　　the night sky.' Amidst the furor of the　　　　　　　　　election, ghost sightings like this　　　　　　　　　became quite common in the region for atime according to reports. The Bracer Guild wassent in to investigate and determined thesightings to be a pointless prank. The culpritis still at large, but the equipment used hasbeen confiscated, so citizens can rest easy nowwithout fear of the 'ghost' reappearing.　　　　　　　　　　 3 / 4#F#9C[Foreign Affairs] Royal Villa to Host Signing#16C    According to an announcement from theForeign Affairs division, the signing ceremonyis to be held at the royal villa. The ceremonyis slated for the end of the month, and the armyappears to be ramping up its security operationsin preparation for the event.#9C[Breaking News] Earthquakes in Zeiss#16C    Early yesterday there was an earthquakereported in the vicinity of the Wolf Fort. Thequake was of short duration. No damage wasreported.　　　　　　　　　　 4 / 4|	#12x#114y#925F【特集】险些酿成冲突！？　市长选战过激━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━	◆两阵营斗争的表面化◆　　　　　　　　　　随着投票日期的逐渐迫近，卢安　　　　　　　　　市长选举也愈发趋于白热化。双方　　　　　　　　　支持者间的争执终于还是发展成了　　　　　　　　　大骚动。	#1S 正在争吵的支持者们 #2S　　所幸此次骚动没有演化成暴力冲突，据说这次骚动的导火索是双方人员展开的争吵。争论的确无妨，但我们都不想听到与论敌间蛮不讲理的争吵以及毫无敬意的谩骂。在此希望两位候选人以及其支持团体能够对此事进行深刻反省。　　　　　　　　　　 １／４	#F◆对立愈发严重　双方亟需妥协◆　这次事件的背后，是双方支持者间尖锐的对立。由于双方的主张论点各不相同而产生一定程度的矛盾也是情非得已，但卢安的现状已经明显地过火了。现在双方阵营需要的，并不是通过过激的言行来笼络人气，而应该是自我反省与相互让步的精神。　	◆调停者竟是鲁特琴声？◆　这次骚动几乎发展成了大规模斗殴，而在紧张时刻平息群众情绪的，据说竟然是『鲁特琴的琴声』。似乎是有一名演奏家在船上弹奏出的曲子……难道音乐真的是传递爱的语言吗？　　　　　　　　　　 ２／４	#12x#92y#924F━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━【社会】卢安出现亡灵？　　　　　　　　　飞舞于夜空中的『白影』——在白　　　　　　　　　热化的选举大战同时，卢安地区也　　　　　　　　　陆续收到了类似的目击报告。『影　　　　　　　　　子』只会在夜间出现。由于看起来	#1S这就是各方关注的亡灵？#2S 像是人形，卢安市民也逐渐陷入紧张与不安之中，终于游击士协会也介入调查，而最后得出的结论则是『一次想要从市民的惊慌中获得快感的性质恶劣的恶作剧』（卢安支部代表）。虽然犯人去向不明，但其所使用的物品已经被没收，类似事件应该不会再次发生了。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／４	#F【社会】互不侵犯条约　艾尔贝离宫的和平誓言　根据外交部发布的消息，条约签约仪式将在艾尔贝离宫进行。为了能够在本月底顺利举行仪式，外交部似乎正在与各国进行协商。王国军在得知此消息后也加紧了警备计划的拟定。如此一来，仪式的准备也就进入了正式阶段。		　【速报】蔡斯地区发生地震　昨天下午，蔡斯地区的沃尔费堡垒附近发生了地震。此次地震大约持续了１０秒左右，目前仍未有任何伤亡与损失方面的报告。　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／４
