20|Septium Optic Annals|结晶光学论文集
41|[Septium Optic Annals]Published by the Zeiss Central Factory <General Theory>The current state of orbal technology research <Particulars>1. Research pertaining to orbal energy    attributes on a quartz interface 2. R&D for high output orbal guns which utilize    zero-defect crystals　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 4 3. Statistical predictions of precipitation    defects due to interference field formation 4. Relative cascade geometry and propulsion    efficiency under low orbal energy conditions 5. Mechanical calculation acceleration through    the use of orbal energy-storing cycloidal    gears within a tourbillon  　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 4<General Theory>The current state of orbal technology research     During these fifty years since the OrbalRevolution, the Central Factory has striven inthe reform of orbal technology by working out anumber of applicable methods for its use.Currently, the research findings of this samefactory have been utilized in all facets ofsociety and have greatly contributed to thedevelopment of industry.    However, on the flipside of all these　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 4remarkable achievements, the field of basicresearch has been disregarded as a thing ofnaught. What is orbal energy, and what are thefundamental operating principles of an orbment?Now in an age where social appraisal oftechnological research has become anunchallenged part of life, it leaves us to begthe question of whether or not we should returnto basics.   　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 4|【结晶光学论文集】　蔡斯中央工房出版　＜综述＞　　　当代导力技术研究　＜分论＞　１．结晶回路层面导力特性的研究　２．使用无缺陷结晶的高功率导力枪的研究与开发　３．由晶体缺陷形成的干涉场的统计预测　４．在低导力压下翼列形状与推进效率之间的关系　５．使用导力存储阵列的机械式运算的高速化　　　　　　　　　　　 １／２＜综述＞　当代导力技术研究　『导力革命』之后的５０年间，中央工房一直致力于导力技术的创新，发明出了多种多样的应用方法。现在本工房的研究成果已经被社会各界广泛利用，为工业发展做出了巨大的贡献。　但是在取得丰硕成果的同时，导力的基础研究领域却逐渐地被人们淡忘。『导力』究竟是什么，『导力器』又是依何种原理运作的？我们对这种最为基本的问题的了解与十几年前相比毫无进步。　　既然社会已经普遍认可了导力技术研究，现在正是我们返璞归真，研究基础的时候。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／２
1592|Kitty-Talk for Dummies|猫语日常会话入门
1615|[Things to Be Aware of When Speaking in Feline]     Pronunciation of the feline language hasdistinct characteristics depending on the regionand may differ slightly from the followinginformation. This could be considered comparableto dialects in the human tongue.    In addition, since the number of elongatedvowel sounds (indicated by the ～ character) areintimately related to a cat's personality andemotional state, there is quite a broadrange of variation.　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 4    That being said, I have attempted to compilea list of the most common expressions. [Specific Examples] Nyaaoo～n: You're absolutely right.(Strong affirmation)Nyaa～go: This way. (When guiding)Nyaa～～o: This is it.Nyayayaa～: (An expression of delight)Nyaya～～go: Hold up.(When urging to be cautious)　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 4Nyaa: These nails are bothering me.(When agitated)Nya～～: I'm hungry.Nyao～～n: (An expression of caution)Nyaon: I'm tired.Nyaon?: Who are you?Nyao-n: Yes, that's right.Nyao?: What's wrong?Nya-o: So, we meet again...fleshy thing.Nya-go: It's been a while. How have you been?Nya～on: Goodbye.Nya～o: Yes, that's exactly right.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 4(Strong affirmation)Nya～～go: Hello.Fumyaaa: (A yawn)Myaon?: What did you just say, o' hairless one?(An expression of reproach)Mya～uun: You are welcome, squishy pink thing.Mya～u: I'm hungry. (Kitten talk)Mya～～go: I'm sorry.    　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 4|【注意事项】　猫语的发音也因地区不同而各有其特点，并不一定与下述内容严格相同。这一点类似于人类语言中的方言。　另外长音（范例中用『～』表示）的数量依猫的个性以及双方感情与亲密程度的不同会有较大差异。本书中只举出了最有代表性的例子。　【具体使用范例】喵呀呜～　　　：确实如此（强烈肯定）。喵呀～呵　　　：请走这边（带路时）。喵呀～～噢　　：说得没错。就是这样。喵呀～嗄～　　：开心的表现。　　　　　　　　　　 １／３喵呀～～呵　　：稍等一下（引起注意）。喵嗄　　　　　：爪子痒痒了（焦躁不安）。喵嗄～～　　　：肚子饿了。喵嗄呜～～　　：警戒的表现。喵呜　　　　　：困了。乏了。累了。喵呜？　　　　：您是哪位？喵呜—　　　　：没错。喵噢？　　　　：怎么了？ 喵—噢　　　　：哟，又见面了。　　　　　　　　（短期内再会时的招呼）喵—呵　　　　：好久不见了。还好吗？喵～呜　　　　：再见。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／３喵～噢　　　　：是，就是这样（强烈肯定）。喵～～呵　　　：你好。呜咪嗄～　　　：打呵欠。咪呜？　　　　：你说什么？　　　　　　　　（被责备时反问的语气）咪～呜　　　　：肚子饿了（幼儿语）。咪～～呵　　　：对不起。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ３／３
3102|The Erbe Woodpecker|艾尔贝啄木鸟的生态
3122| [A Bird of Legend]     The Erbe Scenic Route is a road lined withbeautiful groves of slender trees on each sideof its cobbled path. A notable site frequentlyappearing in ancient royal court literature, itis thought by researchers that the scenery whichknights once laid eyes on was far morespectacular than that which is seen today.    Sadly, those vivid colors appearing in daysof yore have long since been lost. Those awe-　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 9inspiring hues of which are written in poem andsong refer to the plumage of a single bird. Itsname: the Erbe Woodpecker.    Presently, it is exceptionally rare to catcha glimpse of this brilliant azure bird. In fact,its extinction has even been suggested on morethan a few occasions.    In an interesting light, traditional songssung by knights of times past make frequentmention of these birds as being a common sight.It undoubtedly seems as though there used toexist an incomparably large population of these　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 9woodpeckers in contrast with their meagernumbers in recent times. This brings us to thepivotal question of: What fate exactly befellthese birds over the course of the last severalhundred years? [A Peculiar Mode of Life]     Although the Erbe Woodpecker is in fact awoodpecker, it does not peck holes in the trunksof trees. The reason being: it cannot.    In general, woodpeckers use their beaks to　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 9bore holes in the boles of trees for nesting,but for the Erbe Woodpecker, this is animpossible task. Consequently, they figured outanother way to deal with this problem. Even ifthey do not bore the hole themselves, there aremany other nesting holes for them to choosefrom.    That's right, they will usurp a nesting holemade by another species of woodpecker.    The Erbe Woodpecker, with a beak perfect forcatching insects and its clever ploy of stealinga fellow's nesting hole, was believed to have　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 9the traits that would allow it to prosperindefinitely. [Invasion by an Invasive Species]     A sudden change occurred when a new, largerspecies of woodpecker came to live in theforests inhabited by the Erbe Woodpecker. Thislarger species had managed to migrate by way ofboat from its distant, native land.    As nautical technology developed and tradebegan to flourish, the coming and going of　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 9marine vessels became increasingly dynamic.However, those which traveled on these boats andships were not always human.    Blending in with various freight and cargo,these creatures from other lands managed to comeashore one after another. With the introductionof this larger species of woodpecker, thosesmaller species which were once endemic toLiberl gradually left the Erbe Forest insearch of new habitats. Life also becameproblematic for the Erbe Woodpecker as itsnesting hole size differed greatly from the　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 9outsiders'. Yet, despite these drawbacks, itcontinued to stay in the forest.    With the other small species of its habitatbeing driven out, finding another woodpecker'snesting hole became increasingly difficult. If anesting hole could not be found, the ErbeWoodpecker, of course, could not reproduceeither. Thus, chances for reproduction among itskind gradually decreased, and a long era ofdecline set in among them.  　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 9[Cleverness and Their Eventual Downfall]     The Erbe Woodpecker, with its clevermethodology of using the nesting holes ofothers, enjoyed a brief period of prosperity.However, having abandoned their ability to boreholes for themselves some millennia before leftthem unable to cope with the abrupt changes intheir environment. On the other hand, thoseother species of woodpeckers, despite havingbeen displaced by invasive species countlesstimes, have continued to prosper today as they　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 9have in times past.    There are many things which we ourselves canlearn from these tiny birds. So if you shouldhappen to see one of these azure rarities flyingamongst the trees of the grove-bordered avenueon the Erbe Scenic Route, please remember thestruggle they have been forced to endure.     　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 9|【梦幻之鸟】　修长俊美的树木林立在绵延的艾尔贝周游道两侧。作为一处名胜古迹，这里在古王朝的文学作品中就已频频登场，然而研究者们认为，以前映入骑士们眼中的艾尔贝周游道应当远比现在华丽得多。　现在早已不复存在的一抹色彩，那就是在诗歌中登场的一种飞鸟——『艾尔贝啄木鸟』。如今已经很难亲眼见到这种娇艳的蓝色啄木鸟了。它究竟灭绝与否也曾多次受到质疑。　然而从它在当年骑士们的诗歌之中的频繁登场可以得知，与现在相比，艾尔贝啄木鸟在以前一定十分常见。那么在这短短的几百年间，艾尔贝啄木鸟究竟遭遇了怎　　　　　　　　　　 １／５样的命运呢？　　【奇妙的生态】　事实上尽管艾尔贝啄木鸟叫做『啄木鸟』，但却绝对并不『啄木』。与其说它『不去』啄不如说是『不会』啄。　艾尔贝啄木鸟的喙细长而柔软，最为适合捕捉藏身于树皮之中的虫子。普通的啄木鸟都用它们的喙在树上凿出一个小洞作为巢穴，不过这对于艾尔贝啄木鸟来说就不可能了。　于是它们便采取了其它办法。就算自己不去凿，周围　　　　　　　　　　 ２／５也有很多洞穴。没错，只要把其它啄木鸟啄出的巢穴占为己有就好了。　拥有最适合捕食的鸟喙，又能抢到巢穴的艾尔贝啄木鸟一直被认为应该能够永远繁衍下去。　　【外来物种的入侵】　剧变在突然间降临了。前所未见的大型啄木鸟迁入了这片树林之中。这种大型啄木鸟是从遥远的地方乘船来到这里的。随着航海技术的发展与海路贸易的繁盛，船舶频繁往来于世界各地。但船上不仅仅有人类。来自遥远地方的生物也与各种货物一样，被运输到了这片土地　　　　　　　　　　 ３／５上。　　随着这种大型啄木鸟的出现，利贝尔的原生啄木鸟种群逐渐迁徙离开了艾尔贝的树林，分散到了全新的栖息地。对于艾尔贝啄木鸟而言，这种造出的巢穴体积完全不适合居住的邻居也只不过是个障碍。但即使如此，它们仍然选择了继续在这片树林里生活下去。因为如果分散栖息，想要找到适合居住的啄木鸟巢穴就会变得更难了。找不到合适的巢穴就意味着没有办法繁育后代。就这样，艾尔贝啄木鸟的繁殖机会逐年递减，它们也步入了漫长的终暮时代。　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／５【聪明反被聪明误】　艾尔贝啄木鸟一直使用霸占他人巢穴这种手段繁衍生息，并且获得了一时的繁盛。然而放弃了自力更生道路的它们没有办法适应急剧的变化。而另一方面，其它的啄木鸟却没有受到外来物种多次侵入的影响，仍然和往昔一样繁盛。从这些看似渺小的鸟类过往的命运之中，我们也可以获益良多。如果有幸能在艾尔贝的林荫道上看到蓝色羽毛的啄木鸟，希望你可以回想起它们至今为止走过的漫长坎坷的命运旅程。　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／５
7427|Hertz's Adventure I|哈茨少年冒险记·上
7447| Hertz's Adventure Encounter with the Spectacled Genie - Part 1     Using his finger to push his slippingglasses back up onto the ridge of his nose,Young Hertz continued his journey.    As far as he could see in every direction,the earth had been blanketed with a thick layerof white. The fine powder covering the ground inundulating lumps and clumps was actually made upof pale granules of sand, which were light and　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 12fluffy like the freshly driven snow.    'Where's the river supposed to be?' camethe raspy voice of a youth named Midas frombehind.    Midas, a skinny boy with hair the color oftobacco leaves protruding from the butt of ahand-rolled cigarette, was Hertz's most trustedfriend and one who never hesitated to tagalong with him on one of his impulsiveadventures.    'It's just a little further,' Young Hertzreplied without turning his head to look back at　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 12his companion.    The two of them had set out for the spindlyriver which cut directly across the center ofthe parched white desert and the oasis besideit; a rest stop well-known for being the lastplace of refuge for those travelers and theircamels who were brave enough to cross thescorching dunes.    Young Hertz and Midas had planned to campthere along the riverside that evening beforeattempting to trek across the remainder of thebarren lands the following day.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 12    'So, do you think we'll really be allright?' Midas asked as he unwrapped the silverwrapper of a half-melted candy. 'There's been arumor going around about a genie appearing inthese parts. And believe it or not, but some saythat he'll even gobble up whole people!'    'Rumors are just that: rumors,' repliedYoung Hertz. 'But, I might consider theirveracity if we ever did happen to come across areal one,' he added, brushing off the idea witha chuckle.    No sooner had the words left his mouth when　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 12a booming voice thundered from somewhere behindthem, 'Then how about you start considering thatnow?'    Upon hearing this, Young Hertz turnedquickly around, his eyes searching for thesource of the questioning voice.    There standing before him was the figure ofa decrepit genie swathed in a robe ofincomprehensible black, its back more bowed thanthe curled spine of a cat's seeking its master'sattention, and a pair of old spectacles perchedatop the curved shape of its talon-like nose.　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 12Yet, the more Young Hertz looked at the genie,the more unsure he became as to whether he wasstaring at something resembling a shriveled oldman or a ghastly old woman.    Midas froze in terror as he saw the tall,robed personage not far from his side. 'I-I'mnot s-s-scared,' he stuttered with a face whiterthan the desert sand surrounding them as henoticed Young Hertz's gaze fixated on the genie.'My candy just got stuck in my throat is all,'he croaked out as he bumbled through a jumble ofridiculous excuses in his head.　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 12    A complex smirk of wrinkles curled acrossthe genie's cheeks, giving the illusion thatsomething else was living below its haggardskin.    'Oh my, how cruel it is to have been gobbledup whole! What a piteous fate for that sugaredlump of candy in your gullet.'    Not seeming to mind that the spectacles hadbegun to slip from its nose, the genie continuedto shake its head, gripped by some mad delight.    'But fear not, my little drop of sweetness,for I shall avenge you by digesting the very　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 12marrow of these boys' bones as I change theminto the dust of these arid lands!' The genienarrowed its turbid eyes and trundled towardMidas.    In an instant, the sleeves of its robe wereflung back exposing thin, gnarled arms whichshook like a pair of long withered branches inthe wind. The genie's fingertips extended, sharpas pointed tridents, and sped toward Midas'twitching face, advancing with precision, or atleast that's what it seemed like until theypassed by the boy's face and stabbed futilely at　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 12the empty air.    As if being slightly amazed by the failedattempt, the genie cocked its head in surprise,but soon thereafter, took notice of what hadbeen amiss. In a hurry, it brought both handsup to its ancient face and began to neatlyadjust the pair of spectacles which satcrookedly on top of the bent nose.    'I've had poor eyesight since I was a child,too...' said Young Hertz to the creature as itfumbled with the glasses. 'And it looks to melike yours is worse than mine.'　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 12    As soon as the genie took in the young boy'swords, another, much larger set of furrowedwrinkles appeared on its face.   'How did you know?' it asked suspiciously.    The genie tweaked the position of thespectacles on the bridge of its nose beforeturning back to Young Hertz and inquired again,'How did you know my eyes were so bad?'    Young Hertz exchanged incredulous looks withMidas, both taken aback by the genie's apparentobliviousness. However, while this wasoccurring, another expression had taken over the　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 12wizened face.    'So that's it, huh? I see how it is...' thegenie went on as it raised a bony, white fingerand pointed at the set of glasses Young Hertzwas wearing. 'Those are magical spectacles,aren't they!' the creature declaredtriumphantly.    'Specta...what?' said Young Hertz with aconfused look on his face.    'Indeed, they must be!' the black robedgenie muttered as it cast its eyes heavenwardwhile ignoring Young Hertz's response. And once　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 12more, the crone-like figure began to tremblewith glee. <TO BE CONTINUED>        　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 12|哈茨少年冒险记 ～大战眼镜魔人篇·上～ 　用手指推了推沿鼻梁滑落的眼镜，少年哈茨今天仍然继续着旅程。　放眼望去，大地一片纯白。厚厚的一层沙粒覆盖在地面上，如同甫降的新雪一般柔软蓬松。　『还没到河边吗？』　后方传来了少年明狄嘶哑的声音。这个少年有着如同露出烟卷的烟叶般颜色的头发和一副瘦骨嶙峋的身躯，一直不知悔改地跟着哈茨一起冒险，但也是他宝贵的好友。　　　　　　　　　　 １／６『马上就是了』少年哈茨头也不回地答道。　这两个人的目的地是横贯这片“白色沙漠”中央的一条河流。这条河的岸边是众所周知的所有试图穿越沙漠的旅人和陪伴他们的骆驼最后的休憩场所。少年哈茨和他的同伴明狄今晚也打算在河边宿营。　『不过没问题吗？』明狄一边从一块就要化掉的糖果上剥下银纸，一边说道。『听说这附近有魔人出没哦。是个不分青红皂白，什么东西都会囫囵吞掉的人呢。』　『不过是谣言罢了。』哈茨说道。『那万一魔人真出现了怎么办哪？』　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　两人正在谈笑之间，从他们身后传来了人声。『那可得赶紧考虑一下才行呢。』　少年哈茨急忙回头望去。出现在他眼前的是———身裹着一件漆黑色的长袍的老年人。比猫弓得还要低的驼背，架在鹰钩鼻上的圆眼镜，而那张脸越看越不能确定这位老人究竟是男是女。　　明狄一看到这披着长袍站在他旁边的身影，立刻就像被冻住一样僵立在那里。『我、我没、没事。』感觉到了哈茨疑惑的视线，明狄脸色如砂般煞白，脱口答道。『我只是把糖整个吞掉了而已。』　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　老人脸上挤出了一个形状复杂的皱纹。就好像在皮肤以下还存在着什么其它生物一样。　『呵呵，呵呵，整个吞掉多么残酷啊！　真是可怜的糖糖。』　老人也不顾眼镜从鹰钩鼻上滑落下来，身体一边哆嗦着，一边把头摇得像拨浪鼓一样。『糖糖的悔恨就由我来雪除掉吧。让我把这两个肮脏的小鬼连骨髓一起消化掉，把他们化为沙漠中的微尘吧。』　老人把浑浊的双目转向了明狄一侧。倏地掀起裹在身上的袍裾，从中伸出了一只如同枯树枝一般的手臂。老人的三叉戟似的手指径直伸向明狄的那正在抽搐的脸庞　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６——不料那只手擦过了少年的鼻尖，扎进了空无一物的空气之中。老人带着有些不可思议的表情扭过头来，似乎突然明白了些什么。他急忙把双手移到面前，开始小心翼翼地把架在鼻梁上的歪斜的眼镜扶正。　　『虽说我从小时候起眼睛就不太好……』少年哈茨对老人说道。『没想到老爷爷视力也这么差呢。』　一听到少年的这句话，老人脸上又冒出了一层新的皱纹。『你怎么知道？』　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６　老人又推了一下架在鼻梁上的眼镜，转过身来审视着少年哈茨。『你怎么知道我视力不好？』　哈茨和明狄相互对视了一会儿。这时老人似乎突然领悟到了什么。『这样啊，我明白了。喂，小鬼——』老人用他如白骨般枯槁的手指向了少年哈茨的眼镜。『你小子那个是魔法眼镜吧。』『魔……什么？』『呵呵，魔法眼镜！』　没有理会少年的反问，黑袍老人仰天长笑，身体再度开始颤抖。　〈待续〉　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
13317|Hertz's Adventure II|哈茨少年冒险记·下
13338| Hertz's AdventureEncounter with the Spectacled Genie - Part 2     'Those magical spectacles must be capable ofseeing the true nature of anyone who standsbefore them!'    After a fitful bout of shaking fromexcitement (but this time making sure to checkthat its own spectacles were aligned), the geniegazed down resolutely at Young Hertz.    'There's no point in having a boy such as　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 11yourself hang on to such an invaluable item. Infact, it would be in your best interest to handthem over. Otherwise...' it trailed off. Butinstead of elaborating on its threat, the geniesimply extended its arms once more.    This time, the genie picked up a bouldermuch larger then any normal person could lift,and Young Hertz and Midas watched as the massiverock disappeared into the fiery depths of itsopen mouth. Causing the wind to stir as itclamped down its distended jaws with incredibleforce, the genie gulped down the large rock as　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 11if it had been a light snack. And not a momentlater, a hollow sound like something thrown intoa deep well echoed in the depths of its belly.    'So...have I made myself clear? If you donot hand over those spectacles, it is you whowill end up being my next sweet morsel.'    Midas looked at Young Hertz with a frightfulgaze. 'D-D-Did you see that humongous mouth ofhis? He's the real deal, all right... It's justlike the rumors say.'    'Yeah, but that still leaves us with anotherproblem...' sighed Young Hertz. 'Without my　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 11glasses, I can't continue my travels.'    As Young Hertz stood pondering his dilemma,another large boulder by his feet disappearedinto the genie's voracious mouth followed onceagain by the ominous hollow echo from beneathits sable garb.    'But if he eats us, then we're both donefor...' argued Midas as he stood shivering withfright, imagining the candy he had swallowed notminutes before.    'I guess you're right...' concluded YoungHertz, and he stepped closer to the genie. 'All　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 11right, good sir, we'll give in to your demands.Being swallowed whole doesn't sound like muchfun,' he declared.    'And a wise choice you've made, boy,'replied the genie.    After taking a long look at Young Hertz'sface, the genie narrowed its eyes and a plethoraof wrinkles crinkled about their corners. YoungHertz said nothing as he unseated the pair ofglasses from his nose and obediently placed themat the feet of the genie.    'So these are magical spectacles...' the　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 11creature said in a voice quavering withexcitement as it squatted down, its face drawingcloser to where they lay in the sand.Impatiently, it tossed aside its own spectacles,and after blindly searching by hand for theobject of its fascination through the soft,granulated sand, it picked them up and placedthem snugly atop its nose.    'These are no less than magical spectaclesindeed!' it cried in a tremor of delightas it danced around, causing its robe to flutterabout wildly. 'With these I shall have nothing　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 11to fear!' And with one last deafening screech itdisappeared just as suddenly as it had arrived.The drifting echo of its voice faded and the twoboys once again stood alone on a sea of whitesand.    Midas scanned the area around them. 'Itlooks like he's really gone,' he said, his voiceweak with relief. Indeed, there was no sign asfar as the eye could see of the black-robedfigure.    Feeling a pang of sympathy as he looked atthe side of Young Hertz's face, who strangely　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 11enough seemed to be amused about something,Midas began to rummage through his pocketlooking for a piece of candy to offer to hisfriend as a token of solace over the loss of histrusty eyewear.    Walking up to the other boy, Midas held outthe piece of candy, its silver wrapper halfundone.    'Don't be disheartened, old friend. It's notlike this is the last adventure we'll have.'    'I think...I'm going to be just fine...'replied Young Hertz. His voice was subdued, but　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 11the adventurer's eyes twinkled with laughter.Then, as if harking back to some past event, hecontinued his thoughts aloud.   'Man, that genie must have been blinder thana bat with no eyes,' he said in astonishment.    Midas stared at Young Hertzuncomprehendingly until the other boy turnedfully toward him, a grin splitting his face fromear to ear. Then Midas saw it, and a smile ofhis own spread across his face. For there,resting on top of his friend's nose wassomething which had grown familiar to him over　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 11the years.    'In the end, it seems like the poor foolmanaged to mistake his own glasses for mine,'Young Hertz went on in a comical tone.    'So the ones you're wearing now are...'Midas asked, though the silver rims of theglasses had already confirmed it.    'Yep. They're the exact ones I put on thismorning.' With a happy air Young Hertz took thesugary treat from his friend and popped it intohis mouth.    However, this time, as the honeyed-glaze of　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 11the candy balls they carried in their mouthsmelted away, both he and his friend made certainnot to swallow them whole.    'You know,' Midas said as they walked along,'even if there were such a thing as magicalspectacles, I don't think they'd amount toanything in his possession, because as you and Iboth know, he has a habit of 'losing' them whenthings matter the most.' <THE END> 　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 11|哈茨少年冒险记 ～大战眼镜魔人篇·下～　『那是能够看穿对手一切本性的恐怖魔法道具！在它面前一切谎言都将无所遁形！』　老人又颤抖了一阵（这次先确认了一下眼镜没有滑下来），目不转睛地盯着少年哈茨。『你一个小鬼拿着这么强大的东西也没用。老老实实地把它交给我吧。否则——』　话音未落老人已经有所行动。他搬起了一块足有一抱粗的巨石，丢进了自己张开的血盆大口之中。在闭嘴的时候刮起一阵大风，石头被一口气吞了下去。瞬间响起了好像什么东西掉下了井底一般的咕咚一声。　　　　　　　　　　 １／６　『——明白了吗。如果不乖乖地把眼镜交出来的话，接下来就轮到你们来做我的糖糖了。』　　明狄满眼恐惧地望向少年哈茨。『看、看见了吗？那张大嘴。怎么办呀，这人好像就是传说中的魔人了呀。』『可真是伤脑筋啊…………』少年哈茨说。『没有眼镜就不能继续旅行了呢。』　正在哈茨如此考虑的时候，又有一大块脚下的岩石消失在老人的嘴里。黑袍之中再次响起了沉重的水声。『可是，被那样吞掉可就什么都没了哦。』　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６明狄想象着刚才吃掉的糖果会是怎样的结局，不禁打了个冷颤。『是啊，这也没办法——』　少年哈茨向老人走去。『老爷爷，我决定就照您说的办。我果然还是不想被吞掉啊。』『呵呵，蛮机灵的小鬼嘛。』　老人盯着哈茨的脸，眼角堆起了山脉般的皱纹。哈茨则默默地摘下了眼镜，把它放在了老人的脚边。　『这、这就是魔法眼镜……』老人激动地声音都有些颤抖，把脸向哈茨放下的眼镜凑了过去。急不可耐地扔掉　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６了自己原来戴着的眼镜之后，老人用手在地上摸索了半天，终于摸到了想要的东西，立刻仔细地把它戴好。『呵呵，不愧是魔法眼镜！』　老人喜不自禁，袍裾翻飞。『只要有了这个，我就无所畏惧了！』　最后老人大吼了一声，随之便如同来时一般突然消失无踪了。　只剩下回声仍然飘荡在这片白砂之上，旁边站着的是两名少年。　明狄小心翼翼地四下张望了一遍。『老爷爷走掉了呢。』没有发现任何身着黑色长袍的身影。看着终于松了口气的少年哈茨的侧脸，明狄忽然感　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６到有些空虚，又在口袋里翻找着糖果。他走向伫立在老人站过的地方的哈茨，把剥开了一半银纸的糖果递了过去。　『别灰心。旅行还可以再来啊。』『不，应该没问题。』少年哈茨回应道。他从砂中捡起了什么，吹去了浮砂。然后她好像又忆起了什么，感慨道。　『那个老人视力果然够差啊。』　看到转过头来的哈茨的面孔，明狄也露出了微笑。那张脸上戴着一个熟悉的东西。　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６　『那个老爷爷直到最后还是搞错了，似乎把自己的眼镜又捡回去了。』『那么说你现在戴着的———』『如假包换的我本来的眼镜。』少年哈茨接过了糖果，小心翼翼地把它放入口中，就好像是故意在避免囫囵吞下一般。『就算魔法眼镜真的存在，给了那个老人也派不上用场吧。』少年哈茨像平常一样推了推眼镜，『毕竟眼镜的主人总会在最关键的时候把它戴歪嘛。』　　　　　　　　　　　〈大战眼镜魔人篇·完〉　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
