20|Carnelia - Chapter 5|红耀石　第５回
41|Emissary of the Sabbath     I sat staring at a partially-melted lump ofbutter on a stack of cold pancakes. Picking up afork, I poked at them, and after turning the topone over, I daubed the milky yellow substancebetween the rubbery layers. In doing so, myinterest in what sat atop my plate faded to nil.    A hanging lamp dangled overhead, making asporadic buzzing sound as its honey-coloredlight flickered, creating jittery shadows anddistorting my vision within the inn. The pouring　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 12rain outside didn't appear as if it would let upanytime soon, either.    Bringing my face closer to the window, Ipeered through the film of water flowing downthe outside of the glass as I tried make out thedimly lit avenue. Although the station house satright at the end of the road from where we werelodged, all that was visible was the side of thestructure obscured by a shadow which preventedme from being able to see the platform.    'There's nothing to be worried about,' said Sister Carnelia as she returned, wiping her　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 12hands with a handkerchief as white as newlydriven snow.    Stretching the square strip of cloth out,she sat down and placed it neatly on her laplike a napkin. Then, in a reassuring tone, sheadded, 'We've seen the last of them for awhile.'    Watching the tips of her fingers move asshe smoothed out the wrinkles in the piece offabric resting on her legs, I was hit with asudden flashback, reviving the awful sight andcoppery scent of the sticky blood which had　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 12covered those hands not more than a few hoursbefore.    'How can you be so certain?' I asked, stillhaving more than a few reservations.    'Because that's how these types of crimesyndicates work,' she replied, clearly seemingto know all the answers.    The waiter came and set a plate in front ofSister Carnelia with a soft clink as the base ofthe glassy dish tapped lightly against the hardsurface of the table. After scooting the meat-laden porcelain plate closer to her, she licked　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 12off the sauce now covering the tips of herfingers in an almost sensual way. Sickened bythe bloody image already in my mind and now thesauce, I tossed my fork aside and leaned heavilyback in my chair.    The city outside began to fade into shadesof gray and by the time Sister Carnelia wasfinished tucking away her steak, it hadcompletely sunk into the darkness of night.    I questioned her again, 'How can you be socertain that no one will come after us?'    Using a piece of black-crusted bread to wipe　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 12up the last drops of sauce, she answered,'Because that's how they function. One unitconsists of three people.'    Then, as if remembering something elseimportant, she added, 'That group that was afteryou. They're a jaeger corps.'    Upon hearing this, I recalled seeing some ofthose men at the landing port some time ago.Only the most renowned and skilled of mercenarygroups have the honor of calling themselves a jaegercorps. Or at least, that's what Michthad told me about them. They were soldiers of　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 12fortune who were said to relentlessly follow theflow of mira wherever that happened to lead, andthey would stop at nothing to get at it, even ifit meant spilling blood.    'War hawks, mercenaries without borders, anda group never to get involved with,' is whatMicht often had a habit of saying about them.    Instinctively, I slid my foot forward andchecked the location of my bag with the tip ofit.    'It's quite simple, really,' Sister Carneliaexplained as she reached for her dessert. 'You,　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 12Toby, are carrying something that's apparentlygot a lot of people on edge. And someone's hireda jaeger corps to take you out.'    'But it's not me they're after. It's whatI'm carrying.'    'It's all the same,' she retorted as shegulped down her cup of tea in a single breath.    'They're going to kill the courier beforethey even think about searching the contents ofhis bag. A butcher kills a cow before someonegrills the steak, not the other way around.'    Lecturing me all the while, Sister Carnelia　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 12took a glossy tallow-handled knife in hand andsliced into her apple pie. The powdered sugarsprinkled on the flaky crust danced under thegolden light.    I felt a stabbing pain of guilt race throughme, just above my gut. Unexpectedly, I began tothink about what Micht could be doing at themoment, but my short period of rumination wascut short when I saw Sister Carnelia's hand stopcold.    Glaring into the darkness, eyes focusedand intent like a hunting dog's, she tossed　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 12something shiny onto the table and eventuallyrose to her feet.    There it was, my orbment.    'Where are you going?'    Without pausing to answer my question,Sister Carnelia expeditiously fastened thebuckle of her coat.    'You've got good taste, Toby.'    One at a time she set her heels on the chairand tightened her boot laces.    'Using the full capabilities of that orbmentis no small feat. I think even most bracers　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 12would be in for a real surprise if pushcame to shove with you in the ring.'    Growing ever more impatient, I asked again,'So where is it exactly that you're going?'    'That's none of your concern,' came theanswer. 'Suffice it to say, I will be seeing youagain on the morrow.' And with that, SisterCarnelia disappeared through the door of thewomen's restroom.    As if exchanging places, two other menentered the restaurant. They walked directly tothe table at which I sat and stood before me.　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 12    Flashing the emblem on his chest and withoutmaking any sort of eye contact, one of the mensaid, 'We're with the Bracer Guild. I apologizefor disturbing you in the middle of your eveningmeal, but you'll need to come with us.'       　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 12|第５回　休憩中的来使　　我使劲地盯着已经凉掉的烤薄饼上的一块黄油，拿起叉子，戳了下去，翻过面来，再涂上黄油。就在我这么做的时候，我也对盘子里的东西愈发地感到兴味索然。头顶上的灯正在嘎吱作响，蜂蜜色的灯光摇曳在空中。　　雨仍然没有要停的样子。我把脸贴到玻璃窗上，透过外面一层流动的水膜窥视着已经完全阴沉下来的天色。车站应该就在这条大街的尽头，然而从我们所在的旅店望去，由于其它建筑物的遮掩，完全看不到月台。　　　　　　　　　　　 １／６『用不着担心哦。』　红耀石修女用雪白色的手帕擦拭着双手，走了回来。　『追兵大概不会再来了吧。』她铺开手帕四角的布头，把它像餐巾一样平摊在膝上。看着她手指尖的动作，我仿佛又嗅到了粘稠的鲜血气息。　『你怎么知道？』『计划就是这样的呢。』　服务生走了过来，开始在修女面前摆放食物，发出了很大响动。修女则把一盘烤肉挪到自己面前，开始吸啜着手边的调味汁。我放下了叉子，向后靠在椅背上。窗　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６外的城市逐渐开始阴沉下来，等到红耀石修女把牛排吞进胃里的时候，外面已经完全沉浸在夜色之中了。　　『你怎么会知道没有追兵？』我再次提起了这个问题。红耀石正用黑面包擦着碟子。『这是他们组织的计划。一小队３人——』她答道，然后好像突然想起了什么似的继续说道。『组织就是指『猎兵团』哦。』　我回忆起在火车站见到的那几个人的身影。以前密希特曾经告诉过我，『猎兵团』是一个给予部分佣兵组织的尊称。那些人只为米拉而行动，只要有米拉，他们就　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６肯为任何人办事。『战争贩子，国境之类的都没什么，只是千万别和这帮人有什么瓜葛。』这几乎成了密希特那家伙的口头禅。我下意识地又确认了一下脚边挎包的位置。『事情很简单。』修女把手伸向了甜点。『托比，你运送的货物很有问题。因此有人想要借『猎　兵团』之力把你除掉。』『就是说他们的目标不是我，而是货。』『一样的。』红耀石把茶水一饮而尽。『在检查这个包的内容物之前要先做掉所有者。　烤牛排以前不也得先杀了牛才成吗？』　一边说着，她一边用沾满油脂而闪闪发光的餐刀切开　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６苹果派。在黄金色的灯光之下飞溅起了一片砂糖。我忽然感到胃部上方一阵隐约的刺痛。密希特那家伙现在在干什么呢，我不经意地这么想着，猛然发现修女的手停止了动作。　她以猎犬般的神情盯着外面的一片黑暗，随后突然把一个闪光的东西扔到了桌子上，徐徐地站了起来。那是我的导力器。『你要去哪儿？』红耀石修女没有回答，只是迅速地扣上了外套的搭扣。『你的爱好不错呢，托比。』她把脚后跟搭在椅子上，系好了鞋带。『能驱动那个导力器的人可不简单哦。　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６　去当游击士应该都没问题呢。』『我在问你要去哪儿啊？』我不耐烦地又问了一遍。她只回了一句『不用担心』。『反正明天早上我们还会再见面的。』　留下这句话，修女便消失在了洗手间的入口处。就像是来接班的一样，有两名男子步入酒店，径直向我这边走了过来，直到桌子前才停下。他们胸前的徽章闪闪发亮，根本没有正眼瞧着我便开口说道。『我们是游击士协会的，不好意思打搅您用餐，请跟我们走一趟。』　　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
6125|Carnelia - Chapter 6|红耀石　第６回
6146|Ascertaining the Inner Workings     My orbment, emptied bag and package wrappedin old magazine paper were laid out neatly onthe table in front of me. The bracer sittingopposite me gazed alternately at my face andthe items on the table as if trying to gauge myreaction to them. Constantly rubbing his chinbetween his fingers, it appeared to me asthough he were making an effort to display hisright hand, snugly fit within a leathergauntlet.　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 13    I had been led to the second floor of thelodge by the two men, and then, after they hadpainstakingly checked the layout of the floor, Iwas taken to the farthest room from the stairs.It occurred to me that the reason for the use ofthe makeshift space was due to there being noguild branch nearby.    The first man to sit in front of me was thelanky one. He told me his name, but I soonforgot which one was Clayton and which one wasPavel. About the time I had finished beingfrisked, the bracer wearing the gauntlets,　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 13Clayton or Pavel, whoever it was, returned andwhispered something in his partner's ear. Itseemed as though they were trying to locateSister Carnelia, but having no luck.    After much probing on the subject of her andthe jaeger corps, and after relating everythingI had heard from her on the train, I turned theconversation around and, playing the role of thevictim, inquired into her past history. (Thoughstrictly speaking, I guess I was, in fact, avictim.)    'Her name is Selnate. Ein Selnate,' read　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 13aloud the lanky bracer from a pocket book heheld just below eye level. 'Originally aconstituent member of a jaeger corps, herpresent affiliation and activities are unknown.'    'In short,' added his partner pompously, 'she's not the type of person any upstandingcitizen should be getting involved with.'    He reached out his gauntlet-clad hand andpicked up the object bundled in scrap paper.Checking my reaction all the while, he unwrappedthe paper, laying it out flat in the center ofthe table. Its contents turned out to be a lump　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 13of metal ingrained with a sort of clay-likesubstance.    I blurted out, 'I was on my way to aresearch institute with the item when everythinghappened,' and then threw in the address of somenon-existent client for good measure.    The bracers took notes, making sure not toleave out any of the details of ourconversation. Then, to dispel any lingeringsuspicions, I agreed to stay with them undertheir watchful eyes for the night.    The next day, I also found myself inclined　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 13to go along with them to the nearest guildbranch in order to file a report about theevents that happened back at the station, butI had no qualms over the matter. My greatestconcern at the moment, after all, was notrunning into any more trouble.    I awoke as the sun came up over the horizonand day broke. With the advent of a peacefulmorning, I sat up in bed and breathed a sigh ofrelief. The bracers who had stood guard theprevious night were no longer present in theroom, but the sound of their voices could be　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 13heard echoing out in the hallway beyond theclosed door.    Slipping my arms through the sleeves of myjacket, I felt a sharp pain in my right elbowwhich brought back vivid memories of the womanfrom the day before.    Suddenly, a feeling of uneasiness came overme and still half-undressed, I began adjustingmy orbment. After opening its back cover, I useda thin piece of tanned doeskin and startedplucking out the quartz installed in each slot.It didn't take but five minutes to insert them　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 13each into different slots and rearrange theirconfiguration with a set of light magic as mybase. One by one, I replaced each screw untilfinally the metallic panel was back in place,and as a feeling of calmness set in, I rolledback over in bed.    It was at that time that a tall womanappearing to be a maid opened the door carryinga basin of hot water for the sink, with whichguests could shave and wash their faces. After placing the small steaming tub on the table, thewoman went quietly about her daily task of　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 13removing the bed linen.    Finding myself shooed from my own bed, Ireluctantly headed toward the basin when justbeyond the open door, I caught sight of twoshadows cutting across the hallway insuccession.    'They're here,' I heard myself mutter as thelow tone of my suppressed voice reached my ears.    With only a bar of soap in hand, I remainedunbelievably calm as I quickly shut and boltedthe door. Then, pondering my next move, I stoodstill with my back pressed up against the wall.　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 13    On the other side of the hardened clay wall,the brief clamor of fighting ensued. Fumblingwith the chain attached to my hip pocket Igrabbed hold of the orbment I had adjusted justbarely moments before.    It was two bracers versus the two others Ihad seen moments ago. Throwing myself into themix with the two men from the guild woulddefinitely put us at an advantage from a numbersstandpoint. However, when I turned again to facethe door, the voice of self-doubt camepercolating through my closed lips in the form of　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 13a distant mutter.    'There were only two of them?' I murmuredto myself.    If Sister Carnelia's words were to bebelieved, then one unit consisted of threepeople, not two. Again, I questioned myselfinwardly, 'Then where's the third?'    The hair on the back of my neck stood on endas I realized my plight.    Something swung down over the top of myhead, catching me around the neck, and the nextinstant I was flung to the ground. From the　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 13corner of my blurred and spotty vision came theinexplicable view of a woman with demonic blood-shot eyes standing over me, trying to wrench thevery life out of me with every twist of thesheet she had wrapped tightly around my throat.    Clutching my orbment in hand, I activated itand fired off a burst of magic while lying half-asphyxiated on the wooden planks of the roomfloor. The destructive vortex of compressed airsliced deeply into my hip, but at the same time,caused the woman to double over beforeforcefully blowing her to another part of the　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 13room. Shreds of whirling linen flecked andsprayed with fresh blood blasted out through agaping hole in the wall where a closed windowonce stood, leaving nothing behind but shards ofbroken glass and a frame rent beyond all repair.       　　　　　　　　　　 13 / 13|第６回　确认组织　　桌子上并排摆放着我的导力器，被掏空的挎包和那个用旧杂志包起来的东西。游击士好像在进行对比一样，来来回回地盯着我和桌上的东西看，又仿佛是要炫耀戴在右手上的粗糙的皮制手甲一般时不时地抚摩着下巴。　　我被游击士带到了酒店的二楼。他周密地调查了一下房间布局，然后让我进了最里面的房间。这样看来附近应该没有他们的支部。　一开始坐在我对面看着我的是一个瘦子。虽然他们报上了姓名，但我很快就搞不清谁是克雷谁是帕贝尔了。　　　　　　　　　　 １／６他对我进行了搜身检查之后，那个戴着手甲的人——也就是帕贝尔或者克雷走了回来，与他耳语了几句。不过看来，他们并没能找到修女。　　他们似乎只对红耀石修女和『猎兵团』比较感兴趣。我在把火车上与红耀石的对话内容和盘托出之后，就装出了一副受害者的样子反过来向他们打听她的事情。事实上，我也的确是个受害者。『那个女人叫瑟尔纳特，爱因·瑟尔纳特。』比较瘦的那个人读笔记给我听。『以前曾经是『猎兵团』成员，现在的所属组织与活动内容均不明。』『总之，她不是善良的平民该接触的人。』　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　戴着手甲的男人神气十足地说着，把手伸向了那个旧纸包裹。他一边窥视着我的神情，一边把包裹摊开在桌子上。里面露出来的是一个站着粘土的金属块状物。『我正要把这个送给研究机构。』我信口开河地说道，顺便正经八百地编了一个决不可能存在的地址。游击士一字不漏地把它记在了手册里。　于是这一晚我就和游击士们一起住下了。虽然明天要去支部为在车站发生的事情录取口供，我倒也没什么不满。因为怎么才能平安无事地度过一夜，才是我当前最大的苦恼。　　　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　　在日出的同时我也醒了过来。正在我舒了口气迎接这平静的清晨之时，才发现游击士们早已没了踪影，只有他们的声音从楼下传来。　我穿上衣伸袖子的时候感到右手肘部隐隐作痛，这又让我想起了那个女人。忽然我感到了一种难以名状的不安，草草地梳整过后便开始调整我的导力器。　打开后盖，用油鞣麂皮革小心翼翼地捏起结晶回路。把它插入到其它的结晶孔里，改为以低级魔法为中心的结构，调整一共花了不到５分钟。在仔细地把螺丝一颗一颗拧好以后，我总算松了口气，于是又倒回了床上。　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６　过了不久一个看起来像是旅店佣人的高个女人给我端来了洗脸水。她把热气腾腾的脸盆放在桌上以后就默默地开始收拾床单。于是我被从床上赶了下来，只好走去洗脸，但就在我经过打开的房门旁边时，看到有两个影子闪过。　『来了。』我听到自己嘟囔着。一只手里还攥着肥皂的我以难以置信的镇定关上了门，锁好后站在了墙边。在土墙的另一侧立刻响起了夹杂着怒吼的筋肉碰撞发出的声音。我拉出腰间的锁链，握紧了刚刚做完调整的导力器。　游击士有两个人，刚才看到的敌人也是两个人。如果　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６我加入战局的话应该可以凭数量取胜。重新转向门边的时候，我又开始自言自语。『等等，两个人？』修女说过一个小队应该是『３人』才对。那么另外一个人到底——就在我努力思索着这个问题答案的时候，有什么东西缠在了我的脖子上，我还来不及反应便被拽倒在地。在我苍白视野的一角，映出了一个拉扯着床单的女人布满血丝的眼睛。正是那个端洗脸盆进来的女人。我倒在地上开始低声吟唱，通过导力器施展魔法。经过压缩的空气划裂了我的大腿，把那个女人的身体折成弓形，吹飞到了窗户上。白色的亚麻碎片混杂着鲜血，在这道气流卷起的漩涡中舞动。　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
12903|Carnelia - Chapter 7|红耀石　第７回
12924|The Death of a Friend     Wheezing, I breathed in, the sound high andwhistling as the air fought to make it throughmy constricted windpipe. Still clutching tightlyto my orbment, I unwound the sheets from mythroat. Utterly exhausted, I tilted my head onits side and watched with reddened eyes as asmall stream of saliva dribbled down over theedge of my mouth and pooled onto the floor. Whenfresh air finally made its way into my lungs itinitially choked me nearly as badly as the　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 15sheet had.    A thump from somewhere behind startled mefrom my fit. The Jaeger demoness, like a spring-loaded doll, leaped up from the floor of theroom. The single shot of magic I had previouslylanded in her gut should have done the trick,but the fluid way she moved about made it appearas if she were unfazed by the blast.    Within arm's reach of where I hadsubconsciously curled myself came thesplintering sound of unseasoned wood being hewndown by a giant woodcutter's axe. In the　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 15following instant, Sister Carnelia came flyingthrough a newly opened hole in the timber door,her entry punctuated by a cloud of splinters.Her arms as pliant as whips, she passed by thefemale Jaeger in a lightning quick motion, andwith a turning assault, clocked her opponentfull tilt in the face. The woman spun with theforce of the blow and fell with a tumultuousthud, her head cracking hard against the floor.Like a prima ballerina, Sister Carnelia raisedher knee high until she had it tucked securelyup against her sternum. She stared down at the　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 15outstretched figure on the floor. Muscles flexedand without an ounce of mercy, Sister Carnelialet her judgment fall with the heel of her bootstomping down and crushing the wretched woman'sthroat.    As I witnessed the grotesque and unsightlyscene, Sister Carnelia gave a quick glance inmy direction, and beckoned me on. Then, with animble hop into the unknown before her, shecleared the broken window frame and lightedto the ground below. Quickly scraping mybelongings together, I made after her in the　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 15same manner as she had left: out the window witha two-story drop to the cobblestone side roadbelow. Waiting close-by and helping to break myless than elegant fall, Sister Carnelia led meon as we took flight along the avenue, brightlylit by the morning sun.    A deafening blare from an orbal engine'swhistle indicated that the first train was aboutto depart. Sister Carnelia immediately pulled aticket from out of her coat pocket and held itout to me from the side. Reaching for thefluttering strip of paper between her fingers,　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 15I realized that I was still carrying the bar ofsoap from before so I chucked it, not caringwhere it landed or who it might hit.    Aboard the train, the smoggy haze from theincessant smoking of the nattering gentlemen hadpermeated into every nook and cranny of thepassenger car. There was also the smell of newlyprinted publications and the occasional sound ofsomeone clearing their throat. It felt ratherawkward to have boarded a train bound for theImperial city with my bag still in hand.    'Do you know what your problem is, Toby?'　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 15Sister Carnelia remarked. 'You're just like thatorbment of yours.'    Using her white handkerchief, she stanchedthe flow of blood from my leg which had beenlacerated by the spinning aeroblades of themagic.    'Once you get yourself into trouble, youkeep digging yourself in deeper until someonecomes along with a billy club and whacks somegood sense into you.'    Placing a folded magazine on my lap, shetapped on it with the nail tip of her index　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 15finger, indicating that I should read what wasinside. It was a copy of the Imperial Chroniclewhich had been published just that morning. Aseveral-lined article, buried pages behind moretitillating news, told of the suspicious deathof one orbal factory owner somewhere within thecapital. This was the first time I had everbecome aware of Micht's real age.    Sister Carnelia continued her lecture as shemercilessly upbraided me for my recklessbehavior.    'You missed being caught up in all of this　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 15by a hair's breadth,' she informed me coolly.    At a loss for words over the shock ofMicht's death, I put the magazine away in mytrench coat pocket.    'Another five minutes in that shop and youwould have gone to meet your maker, too.'    I shook my head and with trembling lips, letmy thoughts fumble out of my mouth. 'I justdon't get it. Why did Micht have to die?'Images of Micht's cold body behind the counteralternated in my mind with that of the lump ofmetal wrapped in scrap paper.　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 15    'Just what the hell had I been carrying allthis time, and why did anyone have to die overit?' I pondered at length.    Sister Carnelia met my eyes and held them.'Because it's an artifact,' she said simply.    'An artifact?' I scoffed as I blew off heranswer. 'It's not like I haven't carried a bunchof them before.'    Artifacts, in short, were the remaininglegacy of an ancient civilization and thegeneric term for any unidentifiable mechanismwhich resembled that of an orbment.　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 15    I had spent my days as a courier smugglingany number of those items under the falsepretense that the goods I was carrying werenothing more than rare antiques, and readilyplaced them in the hands of those aristocrats,amongst whom they were especially in vogue. Andfor the most part, my current possessionappeared as though it belonged in the same groupas the others. Personally, I could find no othervalue in the collecting of these artifactsbesides the indulgence of oneself in a decadenthobby.　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 15    Chiding me as if I were a clueless child,Sister Carnelia rebuked, 'You're wrong, Toby.This one's much different than the others.'After a moment's pause, she added,'It's alive.'    Unable to grasp what she had meant, I lookedat her with a questioning expression on my face.    Sister Carnelia tried again. 'What I'mtrying to tell you, is that it still works.Although, I'm not really sure what kind of powerit actually has. It was unearthed during anexcavation within the Empire's territory about　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 15thirty years ago...'    Sister Carnelia's subsequent story about thepeculiar lump of metal told of the dark historysurrounding a group of aristocrats whorelentlessly sought after it. The artifactitself had transitioned from hand to hand bythose in power, as one after another, theywere murdered while slumbering in theirbedchambers. Then, at the end of the HundredDays War, its whereabouts were said to have beenlost.    'And strangely enough, it finally turned up　　　　　　　　　　 13 / 15in the capital after all this time,' she said,finishing up the account.    An announcement chimed in the passenger carnotifying those riding of the scheduled time ofarrival. Sister Carnelia uncrossed and recrossedher long legs.    'The one who is after that artifact hiredthat jaeger corps to bring it to them, whateverthe cost. So as a result, I was dispatched bythe church in order to protect both you and itfrom falling into their hands.'    I sat staring down at the bag resting next　　　　　　　　　　 14 / 15to my feet as we approached our destination, andthe moving train quietly began to lose speed.          　　　　　　　　　　 15 / 15|第７回　女神宠召　　我深深地吸了口气，发出了如同风吹过狭缝一般的声音，然后用握着导力器的手解开了绕在脖子上的床单。我向旁边扭了下头，吐了一口唾沫。忽然听到身后咚的一声，仿佛又有什么动静。『猎兵团』的女人就像装了发条的人偶一样从地上弹了起来。我刚才赏给她的魔法应该正中腹部才对，但她现在流畅的动作好像完全没有受到影响。　我不假思索地向后退去，肩头上好像发出了如树木开裂般的声响。下一瞬间，红耀石修女就和破碎的门板碎片一起闯了进来。她的手就像鞭子一样伸出，绕过女猎　　　　　　　　　　 １／６兵，从后面勾住了她的脖子。女猎兵翻转着飞上了天，然后头朝下掉了下来。修女如同舞蹈演员一般高高地抬起膝盖撞了过去，然后用长靴的后跟一脚踏穿了瘫倒在地的女猎兵的喉咙。　修女瞥了我一眼，向我招了招手，然后就从窗户跳了出去，如同从凳子上跳下来一般自然。我拉过挎包，紧随其后跳窗而下。修女在下面一把接住了我，两人一同跑上清晨的大街。这时耳边响起了头班列车的汽笛声，修女侧手递给我一张车票，我于是伸手去接，这才终于丢掉了一直握在手里的那块肥皂。　　　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　　列车里弥漫着绅士们的烟草味，刚印好的杂志的油墨味和干咳的声音。我在这里感到非常不安。就这样带着挎包又坐回开往帝都的火车，这感觉实在很奇怪。　『这和导力器是一样的呢。』红耀石一边用那个雪白的手帕帮我被魔法划伤的大腿止血，一边说道。『只要驱动一开始，没有谁被打到就不会停下来。』她把对折起来的杂志放在腿上，用手指一下下地戳着。那是今天早上新出版的『帝国时报』。几行插入新闻报导了在帝都发生的一个工房店主横死的消息。我到现在才知道密希特真正的年龄。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　『真是千钧一发呢。』修女把杂志收进怀里。『托比，你要是在那个店里再多呆５分钟，恐怕你现在也已经去见空之女神了呢。』『真搞不明白。』我摇了摇头，同时想象着在柜台深处密希特那冰冷的尸体，和这个被旧杂志包裹着的不明来历的金属块。这到底是什么东西？我们也会因为这种东西被杀吗？『因为这是『古代遗物』。』对修女的这个回答我不禁嗤之以鼻。『古代遗物？我一直都在运那种东西啊。』　　所谓『古代遗物』就是指古代文明的遗产，类似于导　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６力器的神秘装置的统称。作为古董，它在贵族之中的人气相当高，我以前走私的货物里也有不少这种东西。基本上和这次的一样沾满了泥巴。我从这种东西上除了颓废感以外，看不出任何的价值来。　『这就是你的不对了，托比。这回的可大不一样呢。』　红耀石的口吻就像是在教导小孩一样。『这个是活着的哦。』　没听懂她在说什么，我茫然地看着修女的眼睛。『就是说它现在还在运作。但是还搞不清楚它到底拥有什么样的力量。』修女换了个说法。『这个东西是在３０年以前被发掘出来的，在帝国境内　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６——』　修女接下来讲述的这个金属块的故事，就是纠结着贵族之间的勾心斗角的一部黑历史。随着权力的交替，『古代遗物』也这样数易其主。但是它在『百日战役』结束后却突然下落不明了。『而这次，它终于又出现在帝都了。』介绍到达时间的广播流过车厢，修女又将搭着的双腿换了个位置。『盯上这件东西的人派出了『猎兵团』，而教会派出了我。当然目的是为了从那些人手里保护你还有『古代遗物』。』　我看着脚边的挎包，列车则缓缓地开始减速。　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
20597|Carnelia - Chapter 8|红耀石　第８回
20618| In the Bowels of the Imperial City     Moving purposefully through the crowd, wemade our way between the rows of seats. Eachtime the swinging bag in hand struck the side ofmy knee, I became keenly aware of its presence.It was an unnerving feeling, quite like I hadunintentionally brushed up against someone in anoffensive way. Furthermore, it was nearlyinconceivable to my mind that the ancient relicthe jaeger corps were pursuing with such　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 11a frenzy was sitting right here inside thestitched cloth of this cheap hand bag.    What a fool Micht had been. Hadn't heknown the burden this object would bring wouldbe one far more weighty than the both of uscould have ever hoped to bear?    I squeezed my eyes shut against the thoughtsflying around my mind and addressed SisterCarnelia, who followed closely behind me. 'Will we be making a break for the cathedral once weget off?'    'Yes, that was the plan,' she answered,　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 11scanning the scene outside the window of thepassenger car. 'I think that's the only optionwe've got if you want to make it through thisday alive.'   The station where the train was set to arrivewas unremittingly crowded with countless drovesof passengers. And as usual, the sky wasslightly overcast. Everyone outside on theplatform stood shivering in silence with theircollars drawn up to their ears, huddling closeto one another for warmth, like a flock ofwaterfowl out on the tidelands in mid-winter.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 11    'Don't worry, I won't be tossing you down aflight of stairs this time, Toby,' jested SisterCarnelia. 'Although, if there were two more ofyou at my disposal, I might have decidedotherwise,' she added.    Evidently, the numbers in our welcomeparty this time had seen a rather dramaticincrease.    'The odds don't appear to be in our favor,'she said in a low voice, her warm breathtickling the lobe of my ear. 'We won't be ableto leave through the ticket gate.'　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 11    As soon as we stepped off the train, westealthily moved to the opposite end of theplatform, and after sneaking out a large doorfor only authorized station personnel, we jumpeddown onto the path of railroad ties and steelrails below. The biting cold wind of the capitalswept freely across the unobstructed railroadtracks, causing me to shudder as it ruffled ourcoats with its chilly touch. Slipping betweenthe couplers of a pair of freight cars, we movedcautiously along their edge, sticking close tothe shadows. Over on the cargo platform, workers　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 11were busy unloading containers.    For someone who had his mind set onbecoming a dealer of pilfered goods, gainingillicit entry into the station house would beone of the first of all basics. Showing myticket I spoke politely to one of the workers.Then, with a scenario picked out in my head,I sold it to him as I played the part of amanager here on business with a celebrity ofnotable repute. Midway through our conversation,I introduced Sister Carnelia, who did her bestto show the man a glamorous smile and feminine　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 11pose. I had possibly gone a bit overboard when Istated that she was an opera singer, because theway that she carried herself made her look moreakin to a low-wage sell-song in a bar ofdrunkards. Yet, in spite of it all, the workergraciously let us through.    'You're so good at that it's almost scary,Toby,' Sister Carnelia said as we raced throughthe station's warehouse sector. 'You shouldseriously consider doing another job,' she wenton.    'I bet you're going to tell me to join the　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 11Bracer Guild, right? Come on, those guys wouldturn me down in a heartbeat,' I said as Ilaughed off the thought. Then, throwing the ideaback in her court I asked, 'So how aboutyourself? Why don't you join the Bracer Guild?'    Reaching the end of the warehouse sector,we came to a stop in front of a large chain-linkfence. Sister Carnelia crouched down, and whilesliding a drainage cover to the side, laughed atmy previous question as if it were insane.    'Are you kidding?' she asked. 'They'd gun medown the second I set foot into one of their　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 11branches.'    The winding, narrow stone tunnels like theone we were in ran everywhere beneath thecapital. We crawled along as the light shiningdown through the drainage grates on the side ofthe large road above us illuminated the waylike a trail of flickering orbal lampposts. Thefeet of those walking along the avenue passedright by where we were, but not a single personnoticed us scraping our way along below them.And for some strange reason or another, theworld just beyond the thin flagstone-paved road　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 11appeared so dazzling in my eyes. Yet, the JaegerCorps, loss of the artifact in hand, and asenseless, sudden death; all of which had nevercrossed my mind before; lay in wait for me daredI to venture into the open world above.    As we pressed on, I began to think that thesmall round tunnel which we were crawlingthrough would run on forever, when finally itmerged with a high-ceilinged sewer surrounded bywalls of countless blocks of chiseled stone.    'We'll go through here and make our way overto where the cathedral is located,' Sister　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 11Carnelia insisted. Raising one brow, she pointedher finger upward. 'It's a lot safer down herethan it is up there.'    'That's fine and all, but what are we goingto do if it gets attacked?'    Sister Carnelia grabbed my hand, and withthat, stepped into the muddy darkness beyond.'Don't worry, Toby,' she reassured me. 'Faithisn't the only thing supporting the church.'   　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 11|第８回　帝都之肠　　我们躲在绅士们的背后，小心翼翼地在软座车间中前进。　每当挎包碰到膝盖时，都会让我强烈地意识到它的存在。仿佛是那种不经意间碰到其他人身体一般的感觉。就在这个廉价的布包里，装着让『猎兵团』都虎视眈眈的古代遗物。愚蠢的密希特。这代价对我们来说都太大了。　『下车以后要去教会么？』我使劲地眨了下眼睛，对站在身后的红耀石问道。　　　　　　　　　　 １／６『嗯，是这个打算。』她一边不露声色地巡视着车窗之外，一边答道。『要想救你，也没有其它办法了。』　　清晨时分，列车马上就要抵达的车站上人声嘈杂，摩肩接踵。天空一如往常地阴沉。人们都竖起外套领子，一动不动地站在月台上，就像冬天聚在海滩上的水鸟一般。『别再把我从台阶上撞下去了啊。』『这回不会了啦。』修女答道。『如果再多两个人还可以考虑一下。』看来这次前来迎接我们的人多了不少。　『情况不妙呢。』耳边传来修女的声音。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６『看来没法从检票口出去了。』　我们离开了旅客的队列，推开月台相反方向的车门，直接跳到了枕木上。无所遮蔽的铁轨上吹过帝都凛冽的寒风。我们穿过车厢间连接处的空隙，贴着货车的阴影前行。　货物站台上工作人员正忙着往下卸集装箱。好歹我也算是个走私专业户，通过非正规途径出入火车站实在是小菜一碟。我亮出了车票，开始向其中一名工作人员搭话。当然故事是最为惯用的明星与经纪人的段子，我一边谈话一边指着修女。她则一边露出可爱的笑容故作姿态。虽说我的段子里她是名歌剧演员，但看起来修女就像是个酒吧里的歌女。不过尽管如此工作人员还是爽快　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６地把我们放了过去。『你还真有一手呢，托比。』我们走在仓库通路上的时候，修女说道。『你真的应该考虑一下换个工作啊。』　『你的意思是让我去当游击士？』我对这个问题一笑了之，然后对她反问道。『倒是修女你去当游击士如何？』　我们正好走到了街区之间的分隔处，停在了铁丝网面前。『别胡说了。』修女搬开下水道的铁盖，笑着这样答道。『当我走进支部的一瞬间，就会被射成蜂窝了。』　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６　　蜿蜒曲折的石制隧道在帝都地下四通八达。从大街的下水道口中稀稀落落透过的阳光如同路灯一般指引着正在匍匐前进的我们。行走在大街上的人们的皮靴就从我们头顶上经过，然而所有人都浑然不觉。在薄薄的一层铺路石之上的地上世界，在我看来是那么耀眼。『猎兵团』、『古代遗物』、毫无理由的猝死——至今都从未考虑过的这些事，突然全部浮现在我的眼前。　　　仿佛永无止境的圆形隧道，终于汇入了天井稍高的石制下水道之中。　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６『过了这里就到圣堂旁边了。』　红耀石修女扬起眉毛，手指向头顶。『这应该比从上面走要好得多。』『可教会被袭击的话怎么办？』我刚提出这个问题，远处便传来了飞溅的水声。修女拉住我的手，和我一起踏进污泥般浓厚的黑暗深处。『不用担心，托比。』　她说道。『一直以来支撑着教会的，　可不只是信仰而已哦。』　　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
26478|Carnelia - Chapter 9|红耀石　第９回
26499| Carnelia     The flicker of dying orbal lamps mounted atequidistant lengths along the sewer walls sentthin streaks of light across the surface of therippling flow of filthy sewage. Passing in frontof these one by one, Sister Carnelia sped downthe stone sidewalk as the sound of her bodycutting through the racing tunnel winds trailedout behind her. Panting and out of breath, Icontinued to move my feet toward the darkness　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 12which lay before me as I chased after SisterCarnelia's flickering shadow.    Wayworn, yet without a moment of repose,we headed unrelentingly with our sights set onthe cathedral of the Septian Church. We movedswiftly across the moss-covered stone pavement,the clacking of our heels echoing in the dimlylit underground.    Above ground, the walking distance on thecity roads from the railway station to thecathedral was about three blocks. If we made ourway up through the drainage ditch just beyond　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 12the sluice gate, we would find ourselves in thepublic square outside the massive sanctuary.    Up ahead, the light of another orbal lampcame into view. Turning her head in my directionand without a word, Sister Carnelia extended herright hand outward in a wide motion indicatingthat we would be turning that way at the nextcorner. Then, as if preparing for something sherolled both shoulders in a grinding motion andrelieved the last of her tension with a pop ofthe neck. It seemed to me as though she knew alltoo well what was lurking within the tenebrous　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 12conduit ahead.    Under the unsteady and sporadic coruscationof light, the body of Sister Carnelia surgedaround the corner and disappeared from view.One, two, three went the walloping echoes,followed by the sound of something being rolledinto the channel of filthy sludge. As I turnedthe corner, the first things which leapt into mysight were the contorted figures of two menon the ground whom I barely missed treading on.Sister Carnelia, who was by this time severalsteps ahead, continued to run at her usual pace　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 12as if nothing had happened during the precedingseconds.    'It's Carnelia!' came an angry (butnoticeably wavering) voice from behind.    I glanced to my rear to locate its source,and there I found a man who had dragged himselffrom the fecal-filled liquid, now lying next tohis dead comrades, yelling with his dying breathas blood leaked out of his open mouth.    'Carnelia, she's down here!' he managed tocroak before falling silent and still. SisterCarnelia paid no attention nor made any effort　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 12to look back. I turned my face forward andfollowed her example.    The walls of the conduit leading directly tothe sluice gate squared out into an ominousmouth of darkness, seemingly waiting for itsnext unsuspecting meal. Sister Carneliagradually slowed her pace to match mine as I hadby this time become completely exhausted and outof breath.    'It looks like these guys are dead seriousabout getting their hands on that item thistime,' she said as she focused her eyes on the　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 12darkness before us.    'So were those men old friends of yours orsomething?' I inquired.    Sister Carnelia turned to face me with herdarkened scarlet eyes. 'Is that what you heardfrom those bracers the other day?' she asked.I nodded my head and questioned her no further.With head slightly turned down I forced myselfonward, eyes fixed on tips of my boots.    Unexpectedly, Sister Carnelia opened hermouth and said, 'Do you remember that woman youhad a run-in with back at the inn?'　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 12I nodded slightly.    'The whole reason I gave up my life as amercenary is because I didn't want to meet atragic end like that,' she continued. 'A life ofno meaning. Forgotten by all...'    I looked up at Sister Carnelia, and seeing aslight show of emotion in the side of her face,heard her repeat the same line of words a fewtimes more before finishing her thought.    'If I'm going to cash in my life's chips,then I think it's best that I fight forsomething worth fighting for. At least that way,　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 12I'd be able to leave a legacy of my existencebehind.'    Taking in her words, I ran steadily besideher as I felt a sense of nondescriptapprehension slowly begin to creep over me.During the short intervals between breaths, itsuddenly seemed as if I were hearing the faintsound of sloshing water from behind which causedme to prick up my ears and turn my head in itsdirection.    'So you noticed it too, huh, Toby?' SisterCarnelia slowed her step until finally coming to　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 12a complete stop. 'They've blockaded us frombehind, so there's no turning back now,' shesaid, the direness of our situation heavy in hervoice.    We had arrived at an intersection where theconduit we were in and another crossed pathsand just beyond the wide, fetid flow of sewagewater before us, I could see the dimly litsluice gate. I placed my back against the dampbricks of the nearest wall and for a moment,tried to catch my breath.    'They're probably lying in wait for us,'　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 12Sister Carnelia assessed stolidly after glaringacross the flowing sewage of the merged channelsand then turning her head to the rear andnarrowing her eyes again. 'And, unfortunatelythis time, we won't be able to circumvent them.'    With a sound of composure revealing herutmost resolve, Sister Carnelia took in a fewdeep breaths. I laid hand on my orbment,gripping it in the palm of my sweaty hand, andthen wrapped the strap of my bag securely aroundmy opposite wrist. And as always, SisterCarnelia checked her boots before standing　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 12upright. Then, taking a few steps back andholding my breath, I raced forward and dartedinto the stygian flow of waste.         　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 12|第９回　红耀石　　导力灯忽明忽灭，在污浊的水面上映出细碎的光芒。修女从前面跑过，身后只留下风声。我紧追着从脚边向远方的黑暗移去、渐行渐远的修女倾斜的身影，用尽全力迈起双腿追赶在后。　　在年久生苔的石板上，我和修女马不停蹄地跑向七耀教会的圣堂。在地面之上，火车站和圣堂之间相隔大约三个街区的距离。过了调整水位用的水门之后，沿着排水沟爬上地面，应该就是圣堂前的广场了。　　　　　　　　　　　 １／６　远处又出现了导力灯的光芒。修女转过头看着我，把右手横向侧面，告诉我在下一个转角处右转。然后她顺势就像热身一般转动两臂，活动着肩关节。红耀石修女说不定已经预料到了接下来将要发生的事情。　　　红耀石的身影转过拐角，消失在了闪烁的照明之中。一下、两下、三下。连续传来了几声沉闷的撞击声后，好像有什么东西掉进水中。我转过弯去，却看到了两个以怪异的姿势躺在水中的男子，我不假思索闪到路边。而距我数步之隔的修女却若无其事般地维持着步幅继续向前奔跑。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　『是红耀石！』　背后传来一声怒吼。我回头望去，一名男子趴在拐角处的尸体旁边，满口鲜血地大叫着。　『红耀石就在这里！』　修女完全没有回头的意思。我也扭头向前，照着她的样子继续前行。　这一段笔直通向水门的下水道四周完全被黑暗笼罩。修女也为了已经精疲力竭的我而放慢了步调。　『那些人看来是动真格的了。』她目不转睛地盯着空中　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６说道。『刚才那些，是以前的同伴？』　红耀石把红褐色的眼眸转向我。『从游击士那里知道的？』我点了下头，其实我也就知道这么多了。我一边注视着自己在导力灯的光芒中移动的足影，一边埋头继续前进。『在旅店做掉的那个女人，你还记得吗？』　修女忽然开口问道。『我辞去佣兵不干，　就是因为不想那样死掉。』　我抬头看着红耀石的侧脸。『不能像那样不明不白地死掉，』修女这样重复道，『既然要死，就要为保护什　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６么而战，留下我活在这世上的证据，然后才能死去。』　　我怀着一种莫名的恐惧，仍然继续在她身边奔跑着。突然，我感到在自己呼吸的间隙传来了微弱的水声，不禁回头望去。『托比，你也注意到了？』修女放缓了脚步，最后停了下来。『他们的后备队从后面追来了呢。』　我们到达了两条水路交汇的十字交叉点。在散发着恶臭的宽阔水流的对面，可以看到被微弱的灯光照到的水门。我背靠在潮湿的砖墙上，暂且调整了一下呼吸。  　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６『可能有埋伏。』修女紧盯着对岸看了一会儿，然后回过头。『可是我们没有时间绕道了。』她深呼吸了两三次，发出了尖利的声音。我则用冒着汗的手拿出了导力器，然后将包的挎带缠在手腕上。修女一如往常地系好靴子，站起身来。　　我们屏住呼吸，一口气冲进了那片粘稠的暗流之中。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
