20|31 Cypress Trees|３１棵丝柏树
37| <31 Cypress Trees> The good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Planted five cypress trees in his gardenThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Dunged the earth carefully about themThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Suffered a year of pestilenceThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Watched as all of his trees withered away 　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 5 The good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Planted another seven cypress treesThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Dunged the earth about them even moreThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Suffered a year of bitter winterThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Watched as all of his trees snapped in the　　　　　　biting cold  　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 5 The good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Planted still another nine cypress treesThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Dunged the earth about them further moreThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Saw his trees grow into a great canopyThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Watched as all of his trees broke under　　　　　　the weight of a great snow  　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 5 The good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Planted yet another eleven cypress treesThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Plucked those which were frail and cast　　　　　　them into the fireThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Suffered another year of pestilence and　　　　　　great winterThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Watched as his last tree grew into a　　　　　　magnificent fir　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 5 The good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　In order to confect a single grand cypressThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Planted thirty-two cypress treesThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　With his loving goodness for them allThe good farmer Sheprott　　　　　　Brought thirty-one cypress trees to the　　　　　　depths of ruination  　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 5|＜３１棵丝柏树＞　　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　院子里种下５棵丝柏　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　每棵都细心施肥　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　偏偏那年虫灾流行　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　１棵不剩的全部枯萎　　　　　　　　　　　　 １／５　　　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　又种下了７棵丝柏　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　每棵都努力施肥　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　偏偏那年雪下得太大　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　丝柏全被压折报废　　　　　　　　　　　　 ２／５　　　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　又种下了９棵丝柏　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　每棵都更加努力施肥　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　然而丝柏相互遮挡　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　一场大雪又全部报废　　　　　　　　　　　　 ３／５　　　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　又种下了１１棵丝柏　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　长得不好的先拔掉　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　那年虽然虫灾加大雪　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　却有一棵好木茁壮成长　　　　　　　　　　　　 ４／５　　　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　只为育岀一棵好木　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　共栽培了３２棵丝柏　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　博爱的这份善良之心　　善良的农夫西普洛　　　　　　葬送了３１棵丝柏　　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／５
1921|Carnelia - Chapter 1|红耀石　第１回
1942|The Imperial Chronicle     I stood there, upright in front of therevolving door, scuffing the heels of my bootsagainst the ground. Pulling slightly on thecollar of my trench coat, I dropped my chinand gazed at my partial reflection in the curvedglass. Aside from my short-cropped hair, I worea modest-looking, double-breasted leatherraincoat and a pair of special order, steel-reinforced boots, both of which at first glanceappear to be the most common of common apparel.　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 10Yet, they were in fact, much more than the nakedeye could detect.    My ordinary, average appearance--It was ofjust as much importance today as it had been onany other day in times past.    Not far off, the sound of footfalls echoedrhythmically like the steady beat of a pendulumswinging back and forth, as the throngs of thosecoming and going moved quickly along thecobblestone avenue, enveloped and tinged silverby the morning mist. At times, the calling voiceof a street peddler disrupted the steady flow,　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 10but as soon as the hawking cry faded away, itwould resume its course.    Each morning that I found myself settingfoot in the imperial city, I also found mysurroundings to be unchanged and stained bythe same somber tone of gray. Snatching up amagazine from the underarm of a street vendor,I tossed a few mira into the left hand poisedexpectantly behind his back.    The Imperial Chronicle; the magazine I readso often that even the ink bleeds were familiar.Roughly flipping open its cover, I scanned the　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 10headlines along the top of its monochrome pages.Then suddenly, my breath caught in my throat.    At the very bottom of the local news page, Ifound those letters, that sequence of characterswhich I had not heard nor seen since the time ofthat life-changing incident. My eyes instantlygravitated to the spot, and for a time, remainedfixated.    'Ein Selnate.' The very meaning of thoseletters became lost to my senses as I stoodmotionless, my gaze fixed on the same line oftext, until it all seemed to coalesce into a　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 10single blotch of ink. After a few seconds ofblank comprehension, my vision settled and Iwrenched my eyes to the beginning of thearticle. As I began to read, my memories vergedon a single point in my past, and then slowlystarted to run in reverse, heading for thatfateful event three years prior when this namewas first introduced to me.     It was on an afternoon all those years ago,on a day not unlike this one, where the capitalwas overshadowed by its typical gloomy aura.　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 10I was a little younger than now, a twenty-twoyear old boy who stood silently in front of theboutique door as usual, double checking hisappearance before lightly treading over toMicht's Imperial Factory.    It was on this day that it had been arrangedfor me to receive a new job from Micht, theshop owner, himself. Although he was a drabmiddle-aged man, I, being the orbment enthusiastI was, had found myself as one of his fewregular customers.    I headed down a dank alleyway and after　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 10passing through a partially rotted wooden-gate,I could see the soft glow of the flickeringorbal light just outside the entrance of thefactory whose structure was halfway belowstreet level.    I first began receiving jobs from Michtabout the time when dissension began to occur insociety over the Hundred Days War. It was duringthis period that relations between the LiberlKingdom and the Empire were at their worst andthe importation of orbments had become almostnon-existent. Conspiring with underground　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 10elements and planning a smuggling operation,Micht made me out to be his accomplice incrime. For the job which I received by his hand,was none other than that of the courier.    Being nothing more than a commoner in myteens at the time I met him and a juvie devoidof any connections in life besides, I naturallyjumped at the opportunity without a moment'shesitation. Yet, even after relations withLiberl had returned to some degree of normalcy,I realized I was in no mood to give up myspecialty which focused mainly on the delivery　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 10of stolen goods. The reason being: there was nojob out there which could bring in the kind ofmira this one did.    With an unrefined and inconspicuousappearance, I had countless times before, hiddenitems of various sorts in my hat and trousersand made my way hither and thither between theborders of these neighboring nations. And thoughto my delight, my wallet had become increasinglyladen with a bounty of monetary rewards, I hadroutinely changed my alias as a precautionarymeasure. So much in fact, that these false names　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 10had built up into quite a list over the last fewyears. I had been known as Phil, the frivolous,Rooney, the trickster, and even Kris, thecoward. However, Micht had always called meby one name: Toby. This was the identity I hadused for my initial job, and the one I likedabove all the others.     　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 10|第１回　『帝国时报』·Ⅰ　　我站在旋转门前，磕了磕长靴的鞋跟。整理了一下衣襟，抬了抬下巴，对着自己在曲面玻璃上映出的身影仔细地审视了一番。剪短理齐的头发，司空见惯的皮制外套，同为皮制的长靴虽然实际上是经过了铁板加固的特殊定制品，但从表面上倒也看不出来。　　其貌不扬――无论是以前还是现在，这都是我工作中最重要的部分。　在被曙光照亮的锡灰色的朝霭之下，如同钟摆一般有规律地响起了人们在大街上穿梭往来的脚步声。这声音　　　　　　　　　　 １／６的流动偶尔会被小贩的叫卖声打断，然而不久之后便又会恢复原样继续下去。　帝都的清晨永远是灰色的。我从小贩腋下夹着的杂志中抽出一份，回手扔给他几个米拉。这份『帝国时报』的印刷还是一如既往地洇着墨。随意的翻开封皮，让目光扫过那灰色的纸面。突然间，我屏住了呼吸。　　在社会版面的最下方，我找到了那一段文字。视线瞬间被它牢牢地吸引住了。　『爱因·瑟尔纳特』——就在这些文字失去它们的意义，化成单纯的墨迹之前，我盯着那行字仔细地看了好几遍。就这样经过了数秒之后，目光才终于开始顺着文　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６章向下移动。随着阅读的进行，我的记忆也开始向着过去的某一时刻缓缓回溯。向着三年前我第一次听到这个名字的时候，那几天所发生的故事——　　　三年前的那天下午，帝都的天空应该和今天一样仍然是灰蒙蒙的。当时只有２２岁的我比现在略显年轻，一如既往地在小店门口整理好全身的行头，迈着轻快的步伐走向『密希特帝国工房』，去找店主密希特办个手续要些活儿干。　　密希特是一个经营着小工房的整天垂头丧气的中年大　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６叔，一直喜欢摆弄导力器的我也是他店里为数不多的常客之一。　走过潮湿的小巷，再钻过腐朽的木栅，就可以看到从有一半藏在地下的工房入口之中隐约射出的导力灯光。　　密希特开始给我『工作』的时候，恰逢『百日战役』搅得世间大乱。当时帝国与利贝尔王国之间的关系糟糕透顶，导力器的进口几乎完全处于停滞状态。于是密希特便和几个来历不明的家伙一同看准了这个时机，密谋走私导力器，同时也让我入了伙，给了我一份当搬运工的工作。　我只是个平民出身又没有后台的十来岁毛头小伙子，　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６当然是欣喜若狂。在两国关系正常化以后，我几乎已经变成了专业赃物搬运工，而且也完全没有洗手不干的打算。因为毕竟除此以外也没什么能真正赚到米拉的工作了。　土里土气，外表又毫不起眼的我就这样把货物藏在帽子或短裤里，来回往返于国境两边。于是我的钱包也日益鼓涨，同时为了保险起见还必须要定期改名换姓，两三年以来我也攒下了不少名字。我当过轻浮佻达的菲尔，作过手脚麻利的路尼，同时还是胆小怕事的克里斯。然而尽管如此密希特那家伙还是无论何时都叫我『托比』。那是我刚刚入伙时所用过的假名，当然也是我最中　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６意的一个。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
7173|Carnelia - Chapter 2|红耀石　第２回
7194|The Train Station     'Hello there, Toby. You've come at just theright time.'    Greeting me with these words, Michtshuffled slightly in his seat behind thecounter. The baked confection he had been eatingwas ever so carefully placed atop his lap toprevent it from falling onto the floor. Hesmacked both of his powdered sugar-coveredhands together with a clap, and a cloud ofwhite particles puffed into the air. The smell　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 9of sweet spices and baked apple pervaded thedimly lit shop.    'We had an item dropped off no more than afew minutes ago,' he continued.    Turning in his seat, Micht reached backand snatched up something wrapped in oldmagazine paper from off the shelf, tossing itto me. Knowing full well I wouldn't get any sortof answer, I asked anyway.    'What do we have this time?'    Laying out my railway and airship tickets,Micht ignored my question and said, 'Make sure　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 9this gets to the same place as always.' In hisslow drawl he added, 'It would be in your bestinterest to keep your involvement to a minimumby leaving the business side of things to me andfocusing solely on getting the job done, Toby.'    He leaned back in his chair and let out adeep sigh, the balls of his fingers kneading thebags under his eyes. Then, once again, his largehand extended down toward the unattended cakeresting on his leg. Before the sweet treat couldreach his watering mouth, I had already made myway out the door of his tiny shop.　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 9    As I walked, the waste paper-bundled packagebounced around inside the folds of my bag. Bythe feel of its shape and weight as it beatsteadily against my side, I concluded that theobject in my possession was probably just moreswag. It didn't make me nervous not to know whatit was that I was carrying, for I had done thistype of job many times before. And no matterwhat kind of trouble I found myself wrapped upin, I had always somehow managed to come outunscathed.    In truth, my experience on the job had made　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 9me tough, and I had become well-versed in theart of orbal magic. So it was that when I laideyes on that rough-looking trio at the station,I felt no more knots of uneasiness in the pit ofmy stomach than was necessary for someone of myabilities.    The platform for the train bound for Liberlwas a bustle with passengers awaiting itseventual arrival. Seeing that the benches wereso crammed full of people that they could havevery well been a tin of packed sardines, Iresigned myself to standing near the entrance　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 9as I patiently waited for the train to come in.Twisting my body in order to move the bag to myother shoulder, I noticed the figures of twomen.    Heads bent together and conversing in aninaudible tone, they stood just beyond theticket gate, right about where the horse headof the imperial emblem lay embedded in theground in a grand mosaic of tiles. After a shortinterim, another man approached and joined inthe conversation.    From my own perspective, this was one ragtag　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 9group I most certainly couldn't have given apassing grade to based on looks. All three wereextremely well-built and sported the samehaircut. To put it mildly, they stuck out in thecrowd like a bunch of sore thumbs.    Making sure to avoid eye-contact with themas they glanced in my direction, I slung my bagback onto my shoulder, and ever so calmlyreached my hand into my pocket and ran the tipsof my fingers across the surface of my orbment.    A woman's voice reverberated within thewalls of the station notifying the passengers　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 9that the train had arrived. The low rumble of anorbal engine could be felt in the distance andafter a few moments, a large vehicle was seenrolling up on the shoulder.    I muttered to myself, 'All is well,' butthe sound of my voice was drowned out by thedin of the massive machine. Brakes screeched,and a flash of black light reflected off thesurface of the giant iron beast as it camesliding in across the rails. The immensevibration in the air emanating from the movinglocomotive at its epicenter let me know that　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 9the orbal engine had been put into full-reversein order to decelerate and bring the train to agrinding halt.    While being shoved to and fro by the waves of impatient travelers flooding out of thewaiting area, I was swept toward one door of apassenger car. As we passed by the conductor,I caught another glimpse of the ticket gate. Themen who were once there were now gone and theonly thing that remained was the profile of thehorse made of glossy tiles, glaring back at mein a shade of deep crimson.　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 9|第２回　驱动　『哟，托比。来得正好。』　密希特还坐在柜台里面，扭了扭身子，跟我打了声招呼。他把正吃到一半的烤饼放在膝盖上，拍了拍沾满了白砂糖的双手。顿时一股发甜的香料味混合着烤苹果的芬芳在这个昏暗的小店里弥漫开来。『货也刚刚拿到呢。』　密希特把上半身转了过去，从身后的壁橱里拿出了个用旧杂志包着的东西递给我。『这回又是什么？』虽然知道没用，但我还是张口问了一句。　　　　　　　　　　 １／５『对方还是在王国里的老地方。』密希特果然无视了我的疑问，只是摆出了火车和飞艇的票。『不要太担心，托比。　只要你和平常一样，机灵一点就行了。』　密希特深深地叹了口气，用指肚使劲揉了揉眼睛下方的黑眼圈。随后他又把手伸向没吃完的烤饼。等他把烤饼送到嘴边的时候，我已经跨出了店门。　　　这个用旧杂志包起来的东西在我挎包里不停地骨碌骨碌滚来滚去。我用侧腹部感觉着它的运动，这东西估计也是件赃物吧，我猜。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／５　我倒并不会感到不安。反正我做这种运送来源不明的货物的工作也不是一年两年了，至今为止也没碰到过解决不了的问题。事实上，我在工作中积累的经验，让我对导力魔法也了解了不少，使用起来当然也没问题。所以就算在车站碰到那些麻烦的人，我也没有必要太过神经质。　月台上由于那些等待开往王国方向列车的乘客而显得拥挤不堪。长凳早就没位置了，我只好站在入口附近等车。就在我打算把包换个肩挎的时候，有两个男人的身影映入了眼帘。他们就在检票口前面地板上那块画着帝国国徽黄金军马马头的瓷砖上交谈着些什么。不一会儿又有一个人走了过去加入谈话。要我说，这几个人的装　　　　　　　　　　 ３／５扮实在不算及格。他们体格都不是一般健壮，再加上完全相同的发型，就算是混在人群当中也足够显眼了。　　　我把视线从他们身上移开，重新挎好包，手指则伸到口袋里摸了摸导力器。通知列车即将进站的女声开始在耳边回响。已经可以感到远方传来的导力引擎的低沉轰鸣声，不一会儿这声音就朝这边压了过来。　『没事的。』我小声地安慰着自己，然而我根本没能听见。随着巨大的嗡嗡的刹车声，这个乌黑发亮的大铁块沿着轨道滑进了车站。从周围的空气振动都能看得出导　　　　　　　　　　 ４／５力引擎现在正在全力制动。被从候车室里突然涌出的人群推搡着，我自己就这样向客车门口走去。走过乘务员身边时，我又朝检票口的方向瞥了一眼。刚才的那些人都已经不在了。只剩下地上的那只已经被映得通红的黄金军马的侧脸，还在目不转睛地紧盯着我。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／５
12037|Carnelia - Chapter 3|红耀石　第３回
12058|Representative of the Septian Church     The train barreled on, almost flying throughthe thick veil of fog. Droplets of watersplattered against the window glass, extendingout like transparent veins, and continued towriggle back and forth under the pressure of theswiftly passing wind.    Placing the temple of my head against theglass, I stared blankly down at the tickets inmy hand and rubbed the two of them togetherbetween my fingers. I would be traveling by　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 12train to the border city, far south of itsimperial cousin, and then to reach the LiberlKingdom I would have to transfer to an airship.Both of my tickets were first-class-- but notthe highest-end seats available.    The passenger car was nearly at fullcapacity, but for some peculiar reason, nobodyhad seated themselves in the space next to mine.As I mused about the empty seat, it occurred tome that Micht may have purchased the spotahead of time, leaving it vacant on purpose.There was no doubt in my mind that he was being　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 12paid handsomely to make sure this job was doneand done well.    'Will you be traveling to the LiberlKingdom, sir?'    Right around the time my trip on the railshad passed its halfway mark, I was met with thissudden question, and set up with a start. Myeyes searched for the one who asked it. There,standing in the isle, was a single woman witha radiant complexion, beaming down at me. Shewore a coat with overlapping buckles securedslightly above her breast and appeared to be in　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 12her mid-thirties. Gingerly bending her knees andpointing her finger at the empty seat beside me,she asked, 'Do you mind?'    With a tilt of her head, she indicated therear of the passenger car where swirling smokesaturated the air and softly muttered, 'Thesmell from the tobacco smoke is just dreadful.'    Wordlessly, I nodded and dragged my bag fromits place on the floor, moving it over by thewindow to the opposite side of my feet. Thewoman expressed her thanks and delicately satherself down in the seat next to mine.　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 12    For being a perfect stranger, she talked onendlessly, and I appropriately reciprocated theconversation by saying that I was on my way tothe Liberl Kingdom on business as an orbmentspecialist. Her story was that she was on amission of mercy for the church and had anerrand to fulfill in the border city.    'Just so you know, people sometimes refer tome as 'Sister',' she went on. 'Of course, it'sjust a nickname.'    She recrossed her black leather boot-cladlegs and let out a sort of suppressed titter　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 12from the back of her throat as she made mentionof this. Sister Carnelia was her nickname.    We continued on in this fashion, subjectingourselves to a variety of idle banter. And asthe time drew on, the sun overhead began to dipin its arc, crossing the celestial meridianand descending into the west. Each time themoving train cleared a grove of trees, theentire vehicle-- passenger cars and all-- wasbathed in a warm apricot hue, flooding intothe cabins, creating a majestic spectacle. Igaped at the coruscating effect, and in doing　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 12so locked eyes with Sister Carnelia right atthe moment the brilliance of the sinking westernlight seeped into her rich brown irises, causingthem to give off an exquisite rubescent sparkle.The glimpse made me wonder if the origin of hernickname was somehow related to the color of hereyes being likened unto the luster of a polishedcarnelian stone.    The train gradually began to decelerate, andSister Carnelia returned to her original seat inorder to collect her bags. As a matter of habit,I checked my bag and orbment and found both　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 12the junk paper-covered package and the magicaldevice fastened into my trousers' inner pocketby a series of chain stitches-- exactly whereand how I'd left it.    A woman's voice came over the intercomsystem announcing that the train would bearriving on schedule and that rainy weather wasto be expected at our destination. At theconclusion of the announcements, a number ofdisappointed sighs could be heard coming fromalong the rows of seats. Raindrops patteredagainst the windows outside as the looming　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 12silhouette of the overcast city came into view.The station's signal lamp emitted an angularlight which was scattered with a refractiveeffect by the falling droplets of water. Thencame a spine-chilling metallic sound followed bythe jolt of the orbal engine's reversing thrustas the locomotive at the front of the trainlurched to a halt.    Over the loudspeaker came another announce-ment asking passengers to ensure that they didnot leave their baggage behind. And with that,several people stood up and crowded into the　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 12aisle. Watching a station worker in uniformas he waved a small flag amidst the fallingrain, I picked up my bag and rose to my feet.I crossed paths with Sister Carnelia as Iattempted to step into the aisle, but when shetried to step aside and allow me room to pass,she suddenly tripped and fell forward. Grabbingonto my shoulder for support, she picked herselfup and, with an embarrassed smile, let me by.I gave her a short bow in line with generaletiquette practices, then headed for the exitahead of her. Following my lead, Sister Carnelia　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 12shuffled along closely behind me-- so close, infact, that it felt as if she would step on myheels.    Something about it just didn't feel right.    Instinctively sliding my right hand into mypocket, I searched for my orbment, but the brassfeeling I had grown accustomed to was nowhere tobe felt.    In an instant, I felt my arm being twistedbehind my back by someone or something withincredible strength. The sleek sound of a bladebeing unsheathed and then a warning prick of the　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 12tip at my back indicated the seriousness of thesituation.    'I have what you're looking for, Toby,'whispered Sister Carnelia in an almost inaudibletone, her lips barely moving just behind myright ear. 'Let's not try anything either, shallwe? I'd hate to see your afternoon spoiled anymore than it's going to be.' And to show thatshe meant business, Sister Carnelia slightlyaltered the angle of her grip on my wrist,causing an explosion of agony that sent sparksflashing behind my eyes.　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 12|第３回　修女　　列车在雾气中飞驰。被吹打到车窗玻璃上的水滴形成了一道道透明的条纹，沿着蜿蜒曲折的路径逐渐流逝在风中。　我把头靠在车窗上，手指将两张车票搓来搓去。先从帝都坐火车到遥远的南方国境，再在那边换乘飞艇才能到达王国。这两张票都是头等席。这辆客车虽然几乎是满员，但我身边的座位一直是空着的。说不定是密希特那家伙故意安排空出来的。如果真是这样，那这次的生意他一定大有赚头。　　　　　　　　　　　 １／６　『请问您是去王国的吗？』　铁道之旅刚刚过半时，突如其来的说话声让我抬起了头。车厢通道中站着一位妇女。　她看起来大约３５岁，外套在胸口前用三排搭扣系了起来。刚刚及肩的淡茶色头发，同样是茶色的瞳仁。她对我屈膝行了个礼，指了指我身边的空位，轻声说道：『那边的烟味实在太呛人了。』说着视线往身后飘荡着的紫色空气望了望。　　我默默点了点头，把脚下的挎包挪到车窗旁边。她道了声谢，便在我旁边坐了下来。　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６　她时不时地向我搭话。我装作自己是为了导力器相关的工作要去一趟王国，适当地作了回答。她则是因为教会的慈善活动才上了这班车，目的地是国境上的一个城市。『算是所谓的修女吧。』穿着黑色皮靴的她把搭在一起的两条腿换了个位置，大声笑着补充了一句，『不过是绰号呢。』『红耀石修女』——这就是她的绰号。　　我就这样和红耀石修女继续闲聊了一阵。不久，太阳开始西斜，列车驶出树丛之后，橙色的阳光洒落在座位上。她茶色的眼睛沐浴在夕照下闪烁着赤红的光辉，我也终于可以理解『红耀石』这个绰号的来由了。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　过了不久，列车的速度开始逐渐放缓，她也回自己的座位去取行李了。我下意识地检查了一下挎包里的魔法专用导力器，无论是纸包还是用锁链挂在腰间的导力器都平安无事。　　通告列车正点到达的女声回荡在车厢之中。终点站所在地正在下雨。车厢里也传出了不少叹息。雨点稀稀落落地打在窗户玻璃上，而窗外蓝黑色的城镇轮廓也逐渐迫近。车站口的信号灯发出的光芒被水滴散射，看起来似乎有了棱角。在一阵令人毛骨悚然的金属声之后，就能感觉到导力引擎制动所产生的冲击。   　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６　车厢广播开始提醒乘客不要忘记随身携带的行李，而乘客们也零乱地站到了车厢通道上。看到身着制服在雨中挥舞着信号旗的车站工作人员以后，我也拿起挎包站了起来。　我在通路上又遇到了红耀石修女。正想要让开一步的时候，她却突然像是被什么东西绊了一下，向我这边倒了过来。我赶忙扶住她的肩膀拉她起身，她脸上露出羞涩的笑容给我让开了路。对她点头致意以后我就先走过了通道。红耀石则开始寸步不离，紧紧地贴在我身后。这让我感觉很不自然。右手不由自主地滑进口袋摸索导力器。然而，平时那种熟悉的黄铜手感却消失了。　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６　　一股强大的力量马上把我的手翻了上来。与此同时还听到了拔出锐利地金属制品时发出的唰的一声。有什么尖锐的东西顶住了我后背大约肾脏的位置。『你在找的东西就先由我代为保管了哦，托比。』　红耀石修女把头俯在我耳边轻声说道。　『不要轻举妄动哦，托比。　你也不想再多吃苦头吧？』　修女稍稍地改变了一下压制我手腕的角度，我瞳眸的深处迸散出了无色的火花。　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
18647|Carnelia - Chapter 4|红耀石　第４回
18668|Human Fodder     Sister Carnelia spoke to me in a tender toneas she sent a wave of immense pain rushingthrough the whole of my right hand.    'I won't have any trouble with you, now willI, Toby?' she asked.    Far from eyes just brimming with tears, Inodded my head in consent as the salty streamsof water ran down my face. Satisfied with myanswer, she loosened her grip, and I felt thepain vanish as if it had all been some sort of　　　　　　　　　　  1 / 12illusion.    With a wry smile, she further added, 'Don'tget me wrong, Toby. I've been sent here toprotect you by the Goddess, herself.'    This is what she said while instructing meto keep my eyes focused on what lie beyond thewindow glass. Yet, there was something about theway she pronounced the last syllable of my namethat really rubbed me the wrong way.    Little by little, the line of passengersslowly began to flow out of the train car.Prodded on by Sister Carnelia, I inched forward　　　　　　　　　　  2 / 12while keeping my gaze on the platform throughthe passenger car window. Down the stairs whichled to the front ticket gate were the figures ofthose men from earlier this morning, the threethug-like passengers who had been loitering nearthe large horse head emblem of tile at theimperial station.    A muffled laugh echoed from her throat asshe, too, noticed them. 'Well, isn't this a warmreception party you've got going on.'    Cocking my head, I quietly pleaded, 'Giveme back my orbment!'　　　　　　　　　　  3 / 12    Sister Carnelia said nothing.    Members of the crew bid us farewell as westepped through the exit to disembark the trainonto the lead-colored platform below. Angrily,I thought to myself, 'Dammit! What's wrong withthese fools? Can't they see what's going on?'    I shut my eyes halfway to protect themfrom the drizzle whipping against my face, andI unhurriedly descended the wet set of stairs,a half pace at a time. Sister Carnelia movedalong behind me at precisely the same lengthof stride. Below, the group of thugs waited　　　　　　　　　　  4 / 12expectantly at the bottom of the stairs.Waited for me, no doubt.    Contemplating the rate at which I was going,I ultimately believed it was only a matter oftime before I would be handed over to theenigmatic group. I caught sight of their souredfaces as the distance between us grew smallerand felt the heat of my left hand tightlygripping my bag grow in intensity until my palmbegan to sweat profusely. Hitting the midwaypoint on the stairs, Sister Carnelia suddenlywhispered in my ear, 'Keep your eyes on the　　　　　　　　　　  5 / 12ground, Toby.'    I did as I was told and cast my gaze downupon the tips of my boots, stained to a darkershade by the rainwater. Then, right at themoment I let out my breath, I felt a deep senseof pressure just below my shoulder blades asI was forcefully shoved forward.    Droplets flew from my saturated fingers andmy world turned upside-down as I tumbled downthe stairs and slammed back first into the groupof hoodlums. With a muffled crunch, I felt thepainful sensation of my ribs crumple under the　　　　　　　　　　  6 / 12weight of my body and then return to normal fromtheir severely compressed state. Two of theseemingly military men who were hit as I toppleddown the stairs (like an avalanche unleashed on aa pair of young saplings) absorbed the transferof force and were thrown into a large puddlecollecting on the ground nearby. Shrieks eruptedfrom startled passengers nearby, more shrillthan the high-pitched sound of the railwaybrakes from a decelerating locomotive.    As my world spun wildly about me, I laythere, the chill of the tiles seeping into my　　　　　　　　　　  7 / 12back. With a concerted effort I rolled my eyesto the left where my arm remained in anoutstretched state.    By some act of the Goddess I had managed tokeep my tight five-finger grip on the bag I hadbeen carrying. In an effort to get up, I slidinto a prostrate position, keeping my chin incontact with the ground. Making a low visualsweep of the vicinity as if my life depended onit, I noticed the military-like physiques of themen had vanished from view. The only figure Isaw standing above me now on the platform, was　　　　　　　　　　  8 / 12that of Sister Carnelia. And on her shoulder, asif she were merely hefting a sack of grain, wasone of the men.    Turning in the direction where the trainsat in its motionless state, she lobbed theunfortunate man down onto a set of empty railtracks below. By this time, I had risen to oneknee while keeping the other planted firmly onthe ground in a half-standing position. Theworld in front of me was still swaying,undulating in my wavering eyesight. My headslowly rocked back and forth with it as the　　　　　　　　　　  9 / 12double vision of Sister Carnelia's bootsapproached me. Then, with a strong grip, shetugged on my hand. For some strange reason oranother, when she did this, I failed to noticethe unpleasant feeling that her hand wrappedtightly around mine brought.    'Let's go, Toby,' she instructed in anauthoritative voice. Nearly dragging me, shepulled me to my feet and before long, we werehightailing it out of there.    The onlookers made quite a commotion as theymoved hastily out of the way in a determined　　　　　　　　　　 10 / 12attempt not to be caught up in the middle ofour flight path. The bag in my left hand swunghelplessly, knocking against my thigh. Afterclearing the ticket gate, Sister Carneliafinally let go of my hand, but a sickeningslippery sensation came with it. Looking overat her, I realized that the stomach-churning,slimy feeling on my hand had come from thebright red blood which stained both of hers.    I peered back over my shoulder in thedirection of the platform as I continued to run,but the figures of those three men who had been　　　　　　　　　　 11 / 12waiting for me at the station were nowhere to befound.          　　　　　　　　　　 12 / 12|第４回　肉弹　　红耀石修女让我的整只右手剧痛不已，她温柔地对我说道。『你会老老实实地听话的吧、托比。』　我疼得流下了眼泪，只好点了点头。手腕扭曲的角度立刻缓和了许多，刚才的剧痛如幻觉一般逐渐消失。　『不要误会我哦，托比。　我可是女神爱德丝派来的守护者。』　她在我耳旁低声私语，指示我朝窗外望去。当她叫我『托比』这个名字时，发『比』这个音真是让我感觉耳　　　　　　　　　　 １／６根发痒。　乘客的队列缓缓地向车外流动。我被红耀石押着一边一步步地向前磨蹭，一边从车窗向月台上张望。在通往正面检票口的台阶下面，我看到了那些家伙的身影。是在帝都车站见过的那三人组。　『看来你受到了热情欢迎呢。』耳边传来她从喉咙深处发出的咯咯笑声。『把导力器还给我。』我转过头去向她抗议。红耀石没有回答。随着左右两侧的乘务员的致礼，我们也走到了铅灰色的月台上。该死，这群笨蛋。人家都被虐待成这样了居然还视而不见？我在被狂风吹成雾状的雨滴之中闭上眼睛，缓慢地小步走下被淋湿的　　　　　　　　　　 ２／６楼梯。身后跟着与我保持同样步幅的红耀石。前面则是在台阶口等着我的那个三人组。我觉得大概会就这样被移交给这群不明来历的人了吧。随着那三个人的脸离我越来越近，我紧抓挎包的左手也开始发热。　　　就在走到一半的时候，红耀石突然开口了。『托比，注意脚下。』我立刻照着她所说的，把视线移向了被雨水浸湿的长靴鞋尖上。就在一瞬间，红耀石忽然狠狠地把我撞飞了出去。从我脚尖溅出的水滴前方，我只看到了天旋地转，身体就这样背向地面朝着台阶下面的三人组掉了下去。　　　　　　　　　　 ３／６　好像肋骨突然折断，然后又迅速复原一般的感觉。我倾斜着倒向其中两人之间，压倒他们以后顺势滑进了旁边的水洼之中。乘客们此时所发出的尖叫如同火车制动时的声音一样刺耳。我在一片眩晕之中感到背后就是冰冷的瓷砖地面，把视线移到左手一边，我发现那个挎包仍然被我紧紧地抓在手中。　　我试图起身但却再次摔倒，下巴重重地磕在地上。我拼命地环顾左右，已经没有了那几个军人打扮的男人的身影。只有红耀石修女仍然在前方的月台上。她就像背麻袋一样把一个男人扛在肩上，走到列车旁边，然后把那个男人扔下了铁路。我终于勉强地撑着膝盖半跪起身　　　　　　　　　　 ４／６来，眼前整个世界还在摇晃。修女的长靴走近，她过来搀起了我的手。这时被她握住的手，还没有感觉到有什么不自然。　『走了，托比。』　我被拽着站了起来，然后两个人一起跑了出去。那些旁观者一哄而散，给我们让开了路。挂在左臂上的挎包没有倚靠地随着跑动一下下拍打着我的大腿。通过检票口以后，修女终于放开了我的手。我感到有什么东西滴下。这时我才注意到修女的双手都已经染满了鲜血。奔跑之间我再次回头望向月台，来找我的那三人组早已不　　　　　　　　　　　 ５／６见了踪影。　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ６／６
